 As part of the Quest’s ASM coverage, Adrian Stein will write a column on community issues and how student government evolves at our university. This first piece is an open letter to all students, particularly those in 2019 and 2020 who have already elected representatives. The views and opinions expressed herein are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Minerva Quest. SEOUL – Why is there a student government? What does it do for me and the student community? If you do not ask yourself these questions, then student government will not succeed. Not just representatives and those who proactively tackle the myriad of small and large problems of life at a four-year-old university; every student should ask themselves this. If you do not, your voice will not be heard. Your opinions will not matter. If you feel like you are not being heard, if your opinions are swept under the rug as the dual machinery of data-based learning improvements and weekly assignment stress buries your ideas, dig them back out, now! “Only five students showed up to the first town hall last week.” The new ASM (Associated Students of Minerva) leadership believes communication channels at Minerva are broken. They may well be. In everyday discussions, over breakfast, lunch and dinner, between classes and over studies, students complain but also flesh out new ideas for their Minerva lives. They may dismiss their own concerns as insignificant, oblivious to the fact that many of their peers may feel the same way. Most thoughts stay lingering in space, in cafes and kimbap places, in the rooms and halls of our residence. They do not make it into the only locales that spark discussion in our system: Facebook posts; emails that provoke an administrative response. Facebook. Increasingly around me, people are deleting the app, trying to get off the addiction to focus on what matters. But they are also giving up what has been until now the only real space for large debates in this community. Our rough first week here in Seoul is the most recent example. The problem is that Facebook encourages those who are loud to speak even more, comment and tag each other on the crucial threads, and has no incentive to ever come to compromise. So if there are suppressed views, where would they come out? This is what the ASM will experiment with this semester. What is at stake is the notion that the creativity of this student body to procure a better institution for themselves is not silent, but being silenced. The new representatives’ focus on this issue generates an opportunity to put forth ideas. If you have thoughts, which you keep for yourself or bring up in conversation, hold on to them and bring them to the forums where you feel comfortable sharing. That means looking out for for channels to engage. If you do not see any, propose new ones directly to the ASM. “The ASM may be our best shot at empowering every student voice.” Only five students showed up to the first town hall last week, apart from the representatives. Applause to those who made it. If that is not your format, find another. It has to be possible for people to engage. Most students probably do not go because there are too many other things on their minds, too much to do in the constant rollercoaster of Minerva life, but is it really too much to ask to go to one input session to share ideas? You may think that the problems you have are not large enough for this institutional business. You can solve things in a few emails with professors or a quick Facebook post in the community. If you are in a bad place, you can talk to your friends or your RA (Resident Advisor). This is right and important. But, the common issues, our shared struggles, stay hidden in the dark as one individual falls into the same holes from which another has just emerged. Of course, at the end of the year, you can give feedback to the administration with the surveys, and if you have a suggestion you can post on UserVoice, our reddit-style improvement idea forum. Some people might even check it out and upvote. Then, maybe, something might happen. Or not. As of October 19, 2017, there are no ideas on that platform which have support of more than a fifth of all students, or more than a third of the classes of 2019 and 2020. Only two ideas have more than 50 upvotes.  Why should any of that be taken seriously? “Currently, informality reigns supreme. It means we have little leverage, and do not see the bigger picture of worries forgotten, not uttered, and ignored.” One of the reasons the ASM emerged is that staff asked for a central contact point to discuss student opinions. Data-based thinking is at the core of much here at Minerva, and if we cannot show the numbers, there is little to convince the administration in favor of proposed changes. Currently, informality reigns supreme. It means we have little leverage, and do not see the bigger picture of worries forgotten, not uttered, and ignored. The ASM may be our best shot at empowering every student voice. If we, as a community, can make it work and more of us engage, we will be taken more seriously, and we will have power to show our indignation if we are not. So let us fix our communications to voice what you feel is wrong, and not be powerless when the next big issue arrives. We all have this opportunity to use the ASM structure we formally created at the start of the year to effect change. If we do not take it, we do not deserve it. Here’s how to act:
 Adrian Stein will be reporting on ASM issues throughout this semester for Class of 2019 and Class of 2020. SEOUL – On September 23 the ASM election board announced that Skye Hersh, Urmila Janardan and Alberto Martinez will be representing the Class of 2019 this fall semester, with Gili Karni, Erika Sloan and Vinicius Miranda as their Class of 2020 counterparts. The new representatives are set on redesigning communications within Minerva and creating better staff-student feedback mechanisms. The hope is that with more feedback and improved bottom-up information flows, students will better be able to take action on issues. “Part of the campaign to engage students is radical transparency.” Before the ASM starts to change communications though, they want to understand how students and staff talk—or don’t talk—at present. Many students do not engage with university issues; collective action is restricted to only some parts of the community. The voter turnout for this year’s ASM election was only 57% across classes: (67 out of 115 in the Class of 2019 and 85 out of 153 in the Class of 2020). Janardan mentions, “the majority of people probably haven’t interacted with [the ASM].” The new leadership wants to first understand why this is the case, and then try to reach those who “are not taking the initiative,” as Martinez puts it. Part of the campaign to engage students is radical transparency. The ASM claims that it welcomes student scrutiny. The members explain that they want to be less about a ‘perception’ of getting things done, but more about taking action specifically based on students’ wishes. They hope that transparency, including internal meetings and positions held in talks with the administration, should improve students’ interest in its workings. “With new leadership comes new ideas, and this fall’s ASM representatives are seeking student engagement to bring their ideas to fruition.” While the ASM is motivated to achieve greater results, this also puts the baton in the hands of the student body. The first space offered to discuss ideas on student issues and communication reform are office hours, weekly on Thursday from 14:00 to 15:00 in the Minerva residence lobby in Seoul. The ASM has its community website and email address, and will also share updates in Minerva’s official daily and weekly bulletins, The Week and The Morning. The ASM is also putting town halls, newsletters, design sprints and a continuation of the working group format on the table. The improvements will be an iterative process during which the representatives aim to engage students in every stage. The first step the ASM is taking beyond the platforms available last year is to launch an ASM Facebook profile called ‘Minerva ASM’. This is part of a larger effort to reform the ASM’s own student-facing communications to make them more closely integrated with how students communicate with each other. The profile is intended to serve as a unified voice for the ASM in the Facebook debates which often erupt in various community groups. As hot topics in the community are often discussed online and out of reach from administration and faculty, the Facebook profile is an attempt to create an impersonal, institutional voice that can represent the position of the ASM as a whole. The ASM also emphasized that any student should feel free to tag ‘Minerva ASM’ in relevant Facebook threads. The profile is meant to respond to queries from students of all classes and be a central node for student-ASM communications. With new leadership comes new ideas, and this fall’s ASM representatives are seeking student engagement to bring their ideas to fruition. If students join the initiative, it is hoped Minerva will get more robust and inclusive feedback mechanisms. With the help of all these changes, the ASM is also aiming to make its structure more sustainable from one leadership to the next. The first two classes must now turn this into reality before the Class of 2021 holds their first student government elections in the spring semester, which will enlarge the ASM and its responsibility even further.
 Keep your eye out for the Quest’s continued ASM coverage, and the ASM’s own communications through their upcoming weekly progress update newsletters, their new Facebook profile, weekly ASM office hours, and upcoming working groups.  SEOUL  –  The Associated Students of Minerva held its first town hall meeting of the semester last Thursday in Seoul to discuss what the newly-elected representatives have been working on so far and hear concerns from students in the Classes of 2019 and 2020. The Class of 2021 will have its first elections in the spring semester. The main priorities of the ASM include: creating working groups, improving the new junior year Capstone course, addressing concerns about Minerva’s newer and stricter academic policies, improving communication and feedback channels system with staff, setting up the ASM to successfully scale with the addition of future classes, and increasing the leverage of the ASM. Working groups are small teams of students who will tackle the issues raised by the student body, such as the work-study program and the Capstone course. Alberto Martinez de Arenaza, one of the three newly-elected representatives for the Class of 2019, believes the working groups should get “face time” with the relevant departments as new policies are created. This echoed a larger sentiment for increased student participation in large system changes. “The ASM’s approach will be to systematically document and communicate student perceptions and concerns to avoid staff simply shrugging off the feedback as one-sided or skewed student opinions from a few loud voices.” The ASM announced at the meeting that it has reached out to Dean of Faculty Stephen Kosslyn regarding student concerns over the Capstone course, which students have criticized for not sufficiently achieving its learning objectives. The ASM’s approach will be to systematically document and communicate student perceptions and concerns to avoid staff simply shrugging off the feedback as one-sided or skewed student opinions from a few loud voices, mentioned Urmila Janardan, another representative for the Class of 2019. “This is especially important,” says Janardan, “because Minerva frequently centers on how their classes are better at achieving learning goals than other universities.” Students at the town hall suggested creating an internal survey to collect constructive feedback from the general student body in addition to a specialized working group. A broad theme expressed by ASM and students was a frustration with the previous lack of implementation or acknowledgement of a sizeable amount of feedback given by students to staff outside of ASM channels. Several ideas were proposed to try and increase feedback structures. Shane Dabor, Class of 2019, suggested a contract between Minerva and students outlining the rights of students in any major policy changes. However it was not clear how this student group would be selected or how such a contract would relate to ASM. Another suggestion was to get feedback from staff on student feedback to ensure the ASM presents feedback at a time and in a manner that would be most effective for staff so that student effort is not wasted. The representatives also discussed a need for increased leverage with the Minerva administration to be taken seriously by becoming a necessary part of the administrative decision-making process. Janardan thinks this will start with increased student participation at town halls. “Another suggestion was to get feedback from staff on student feedback to ensure the ASM presents feedback at a time and in a manner that would be most effective for staff so that student effort is not wasted.” “In order to boost our credibility with administration, it would be great to boost credibility among student body,” Janardan says. Martinez de Arenaza also mentioned that as Minerva scales up, he foresees a future in which the ASM acts more like a traditional student government in its organizing tactics. Specifically, he mentioned that the ASM could end up “organizing collective action like a strike or not going to class” at some point in its future. Yet he made it clear that none of the current ASM representatives would consider such an action, highlighting such methods merely as a possible future outcome as a larger student government grapples with a more established university, particularly if more structural channels of feedback are not taken seriously. The representatives and students also discussed how to quantify student feedback to demonstrate to the administration that student participation is essential to a well-performing education system, although Dabor said that in the past the administration had tried a lot of surveys which didn’t end up being that productive.
 If you’ve already been in Seoul for a few weeks and dedicated time to explore the city, chances are you saw my previous article with all the must-see tourist sites. Maybe you went above and beyond, blasting past my list and going to all the tourist areas that are suggested in every other Seoul travel guide, and now you want to see the real Seoul. You are ready to become a real local and feel comfortable calling Seoul your home. Unfortunately, the elusive places that only locals know are hard to just search up, and I’m not about to name my favorite hidden spots. In fact, I find it a bit paradoxical. Those pockets that only the locals know are special because they know the area so well and stumbled upon it themselves. Being a local is not something you can shortcut. However, I don’t intend to berate you for your laziness but rather to offer you advice. Seoul can be a difficult city to adjust to, especially if you are coming from a non-Asian culture. Where should you go? Where should you look for that quintessentially Seoul experience? If you wander around the really big districts, Seoul can come off as a high tech city with high buildings, well-dressed and judgemental people, and no real life. There is life here, I promise, but part of the magic of realizing you live here is discovering those places for yourself. While these aren’t specific places that make the transition easier, below are a list of hints that’ll help you along the way. Remember it is more about the journey than the destination.  A springtime view of Seoul N Tower from Jongno-gu. | Photo: Wikimedia Commons, Public Domain For me, Seoul began to feel more like home when I finally found the people who were living around me. Seoul’s population is huge and not everyone is living in some strange, far-off suburb. However, because I live right along Gangnam-daero (강남대로) and at first didn’t usually venture off the road when I went out, I never saw any everyday people rushing to work, tucking away strands of loose hairs as they went; kids wandering to school; people walking their dogs; or elderly people loudly talking to their friends or walking with their grandkids. I only saw these moments when I finally turned from my normal path to the areas that seemed like they didn’t have anything to do and there was a higher risk for a complete lack of any English speakers. It’s funny how it helps make the area feel more comfortable and familiar when you see other people in an environment they subconsciously consider home. You’ll have to make some effort, of course, but these areas are never far from where you are and will remind you that special spots are often closer than you think.  Seoul rooftop with the comforting illusion of being in the middle of a field or on a mountaintop. | Photo: Erika Sloan If you haven’t yet heard, rooftops are generally open to the public in Korea. If they are closed, the property owner might just be worried about safety or may have had a prior bad experience with people on the roof. However, if yours has been closed off, don’t despair. It’s yet another opportunity for exploration! As you journey around Seoul, look for tall buildings that are open to the public and try to reach the top if permitted. Some of the open spaces have nicely designed gardens and the best have beautiful views of the city only for the handful who take the journey. Moral of the story: remember to look up!  The huge Kyobo bookstore, with includes a sizeable English section. | Photo: Eliazar Parra Cardenas, Public Domain Going to a bookstore might seem like a strange addition to this list, but it is one of my personal favorites. I love going to bookstores, seeing how the books are organized and who spends time in each section. I find Korea’s bookstores unique in that people will wander in to read and study as if the place was a library. It’s yet another dimension of Korean culture. Fair warning though: If you aren’t into people watching or looking for books (sometimes there is an English section), this might not be an experience for you. However, whether or not this is tailored to your liking, it’s an experience all the same.  An evening view of the bike and running path along Seoul’s 한강 – Han River. | Photo: Public Domain Most Koreans greatly enjoy the Hangang (also known as the 한강 or Han River). You can easily tell with the immense number of runners and bikers, the couples and friend groups chit-chatting as they walk along the water, and the families picnicking with their quickly delivered fried chicken. There are so many people and yet I still feel an uncommon balance of people and nature. It’s beautiful, calming, and definitely a place Seoulites journey to. Finding the perfect spot is up to you. There are several parks along both sides of the river, each with their own charms. Take the time to enjoy the scenery and find the one that fits you best.  One of many hidden, natural views in Seoul. | Photo: Erika Sloan Maybe I’m overgeneralizing, but hiking seems to be the national activity of Korea. The 아줌마’s (ajummas or middle-aged women) and 아저씨’s (ahjussis or middle-aged men) will go over-the-top with all the gear they bring and others seem to do it quite regularly either to exercise or to find a nice getaway close to home. There are several mountains in and around Seoul and even more hiking paths, so with a little effort you can reconnect with nature and see landscapes not visible to you at ground level in the middle of the city. Your own pockets of cool pools, small gardens, cliffs, hidden temples, and natural expanses are all possibilities if you’re willing to make the hike. You’ll definitely have to carve out a day in your schedule if you want to explore this side of Seoul, but sometimes it’s best to get out of the hustle and bustle of the city for a little while and remember our roots.  Dosan Memorial Park in Gangnam. | Photo: Wikimedia Commons, Public Domain This might be obvious to some, but I advise you to try to “get lost” or go to places you might not normally go to. Get off at the stop where no one else does. Take a turn into an empty alley (preferably not at night to minimize possible danger — though Seoul is always incredibly safe). Go down the winding path into the wheat fields. There is a reason and a story for every place, whether you know it or not. Sure, it is difficult to journey into the unknown, especially when you’re surrounded by a foreign culture and language. But these moments of discovery serve as a reminder that with just a little determination and curiosity, you can indeed make an unfamiliar place familiar. You ultimately choose whether to get to know a place or not, to call a place your home or not. It’s up to you.  
 SEOUL – Seoul was launched last week as the fourth city in Minerva’s rotation, as the Classes of 2019 and 2020 converged. The Elevation Welcome Event on September 2 marked the beginning of Minerva’s first and only year where two separate classes will live together in one city. Despite some misgivings among the student body about the unique dangers of the current geopolitical atmosphere on the peninsula, nearly all 260 students from over 60 countries are taking classes from Seoul. Staff have set up office hours, the residence hall grows homier every day, and students from both classes have started to make friendships with each other. The process of moving in, learning to take a subway, stumbling over Korean etiquette, and once again building a new routine in a new place has both invigorated and exhausted students. “Despite some misgivings among the student body about the unique dangers of the current geopolitical atmosphere on the peninsula, nearly all 260 students from over 60 countries are taking classes from Seoul.” This semester’s Elevation, the set of orientation programming which takes place in every new city, received mixed reviews with some students feeling overwhelmed by the scheduling of events which started a day after their arrival. However, students generally agreed that the programming was engaging and informative. “The compressed scheduled is a lot for a student to get ready, get oriented, and get into classes,” Dr. James Lyda, Minerva’s Director of Mental Health, noted, “But there’s a lot of really positive energy; especially seeing the students reunite, whether it’s within their class or meeting new students from other classes. So I think once the normal response to an abnormal situation –you know, stress levels–are able to subside for people, they will really be able to get a lot out of this.” Several students complained about how the first assignments of the semester overlapped with Elevation, making it difficult to attend events. Qiqi Xu, 2019, noted that she had two assignments, disincentivizing her from engaging in Exploration Day activities. She was not the only one. Suraj Paneru, 2020, acknowledged these concerns but highlighted the breaks in the schedule and Minerva’s message to students that they should decide for themselves which events to attend based on their own priorities. “I think it’s doable if you have your priorities set up,” he says. Among the events of Elevation, the academic policy sessions led by Minerva’s Founder and CEO, Ben Nelson and Dean of Natural Sciences Vicki Chandler, on the first Sunday, stood out. It was the first chance for students to inquire into the policy changes that were implemented over the summer. Students’ concerns ranged from how late a student could be to class before they were marked absent, whether mental health crises could constitute an excused absence, and why the changes had been made in the first place. The most vocal students posed questions with detailed accounts highlighting how student life is not nearly as idyllic as the new policies appear to assume. “In typical Minerva fashion, students have often bumped into each other at the local neighborhood restaurants and cafés.” Dean Chandler and Dr. Lyda both made clear that there are ample mechanisms and safeguards in place for students struggling for a variety of reasons to get excused from class and that Minerva would be proactive about any academic delinquency to avoid students falling through the cracks. Dr. Lyda assures, “I have faith that it is a compassionate system.” Minerva made it clear that the new system is meant to incentivize better student accountability and work quality. In an interview after, Dean Chandler explained, “There are some students, usually not publically, who are glad that the policies are changing because some of the behaviors that happened last year were frustrating.” In addition to this, she noted that in the context of Elevation, the sessions for each of the classes were unable “to dig as deep into the topics as was needed.” Despite the lack of a group consensus on the quality of Elevation events, students appear overall to be thoroughly enjoying their first week of city exploration. Anthony Brigden, 2019, comments, “There’s a whole lot to do here and there are so many opportunities that I’m really excited about.”  The 2017-18 Resident Advisors (“RAs”) introduce themselves at Elevation. | Photo: Louis Brickman This belief was mirrored by Trent Hommeyer, 2020, who wants to really “know the city.” Xu, who spent the summer working in Tokyo, noted,  “Japan was very polished and overly nice, but here there is more rawness and life.” In the past week students have slowly been exploring Gangnam, Hongdae, and the area around Hanyang University’s campus–the local university Minerva partnered with to sponsor student visas and offer local college resources. First student impressions of the city tend to note that the city is clean, orderly, and walkable. Zhanchen Guo, 2019, summarizes, “It’s like that feeling when you go to the Apple Store.” In addition to discovering parts of Seoul that will soon become familiar haunts and favorite cafes, students have begun discovering new potential friendships with members of the other class. From a staff perspective, both Dean Chandler and Dr. Lyda commented on the positive energy they’ve witnessed amongst the two cohorts. Contrasting this viewpoint however, Hommeyer notes, “There’s still been a lot of separation between the grades.” “The students moved into Gangnam, a district of the city known outside of Korea mainly for K-Pop star Psy’s viral Gangnam Style and within the country as a focal education, business, and plastic surgery center.” Meeting students from the class of 2020 has been noted as one of the bigger challenges facing students living inside and outside the Minerva housing. Yet, as Brigden pointed out, “We have that shared experience of Minerva, San Francisco, and the Foundation Year so we have a similar background.” In the weeks since Elevation, the classes have indeed been spending more time with each other. The decision to combine the two classes for the year arose from several factors, ranging from financial to cultural concerns. The main reason appears to be that Minerva currently is trying to put off the financial and logistical burden of expanding beyond two simultaneous cities as long as possible. Aside from the two dozen students who are living off-“campus” this semester in Seoul, the students moved into a nearly brand-new hotel in Gangnam, a district of the city known outside of Korea mainly for K-Pop star Psy’s hit Gangnam Style and within the country as a focal education, business, and plastic surgery center. To a certain degree, students have enjoyed the luxury of living in a hotel, particularly South Korean amenities such as electronic toilets and heated floors. The room design has also nudged them to adopt the cultural norm of removing shoes at the entrance. There has been some concern about the lack of opportunities for random encounters compared the San Francisco residence, as doors cannot be left open and students cannot congregate in the hallways. “The hotel isn’t the best for spontaneous encounters,” Bridgen critiques. Katie Hyon, Director of Student Affairs in Seoul, countered, “I get the idea of open doors and all that, but just put a list on your phone of people you want to meet.” She also pointed out that Minerva’s residence in Hyderabad next semester, which won’t be a hotel, will be all open doors and so there will be ample time during the spring semester for chance encounters. “One of the trickier elements of moving over 200 college students from around the world into a hotel, particularly in a conservative country like Korea, has been attempting to ensure students respect the local customs and expectations.” However, students have been up using the lobby, bumping into each other in the elevators, and hanging out in the hotel’s outdoor seating area frequently enough for serendipitous moments to occur. And of course, in typical Minerva fashion, students have often bumped into each other at the local neighborhood restaurants and cafés. Despite the two classes coming together, the fact remains that each class is at its own unique stage of college, and life.  The goals of the semester for each thus naturally vary. This year, the Class of 2019 is focusing more on their thesis-like Capstone projects, solidifying their majors, and preparing for the sacred junior year summer internship, while the class of 2020, only in their second year, has more time to explore their cornerstone courses and decide upon what they want to study. Xu describes her hopes saying, “I want to figure out how to have a balanced life because I realize that is one of the most important things from my experience, being able to balance Minerva with something outside.” Hommeyer on the other hand noted, “Other people write about partnerships but I want to know the city. And it’s up to me.” Goals for this semester are not only confined to the academic sphere. Hyon hopes this semester’s events will include more “global playlists”; Anthony on the other hand wishes to “make a creative project with photography or digital video.” Zhanchen’s largest goal is to make the city feel like a home away from home. “It’s not how many streets I go to,” he clarified, “But how many friends I make.” One of the trickier elements of moving over 200 college students from around the world into a hotel, particularly in a conservative country like Korea, has been attempting to ensure students respect the local customs and expectations. Students have already caused complaints from the hotel, with some coming from quite obvious offenses such as loud, large groups hanging out in the lobby. Others have resulted from customs ingrained deep in Korean culture but less obvious to outsiders, such as students hanging out at the entrance to the hotel drinking Korea’s popular rice liquor, Soju (소주), straight out of the bottle, a practice considered deeply disrespectful. Minerva did provide some basic cultural etiquette and alcohol guidance during the first day of Elevation. However, as Hyon pointed out in an email to the student body, some customs seemed so deeply obvious to her, she had not anticipated needing to inform students on them. As expectations have become more clear, students seem to have become generally more respectful of the hotel. There is however no question that Minerva’s unique combination of students, cities, and cultures will continue to serve as a social experiment at best and eviction at worst. Despite the hardships of relocating to a different semester every four months, interacting with over 100 new faces, and readjusting to the Minerva style of life, the newest rotation in Minerva’s unique program seems to be off to a good start.
 Coming from “the West,” there is a tendency to view all things “East” as “exotic.” This intangible “other” that is distinguishably different from everything that we know and recognize walking down the streets of cities like New York, San Francisco, Toronto, Paris or Berlin. We expect—naively—to step off the plane in Asia into a sensory overload of all things exotic and unknown. The reality, at least in Seoul, could not be more different. In the span of 15 days I crossed the globe, leaving Newfoundland, Canada and arriving in Seoul, South Korea. When I talk to people back home about my first days in the furthest place I could possibly go from anything familiar, I have this feeling like they are waiting for me to tell them about all  exoticism I encounter. Yes, Korean culture is, in some ways, very different from that back home, and the customary formalities are taking time to adjust to. But seeing them in practice by local people things rarely come across as truly exotic—at least in comparison to my imagined picture of what that should be—it’s just different. What is it that drives Western fascination with Eastern exoticism anyways? What is it that will make some travel thousands of kilometers over oceans and mountains to fulfill this search for something exotic? Perhaps for those who really lust after it, finding the exotic is akin to some kind of euphoric high they must search out again and again. The sorry reality is that the exotic, at least how one might imagine it from television broadcasts and films, is not so easily chanced upon. Fascination with the East and the exotification of the East has gone through many reincarnations. There were the missions to Manila and Japan where the Eastern cultures were seen as lowly, something to overcome—souls to be saved through Western beliefs. Somehow we moved from there to an almost sexual fascination with the Eastern world—the mysticism of India, the Geishas of Japan, China’s Forbidden City—a fascination, truly, with stereotypes that are no more representative of those cultures as a whole than Coca Cola is of America. Then, they were “Charlie,” “Commies,” all-in-all, the enemy, a war to fight, a place for young men to die. Now they are K-pop, streets crowded with bicycles, and people wearing medical masks when they go outside. We don’t often stop to think about whether this limited knowledge of the East is really representative of the people who live there or the lives they’re living. South Korea is unmistakably ethnically homogenous, and walking down the street I unavoidably stand out as different. But in a place so populous, you are never more than a stone’s throw from anything you could possibly want to do or see or buy, except maybe peanut butter. It would be too cliché for me to launch into a diatribe about how people are more or less the same, and so I will do my best to avoid it, even if that is perhaps the very simple take away from this. Walking down the street in the Gangnam district–aside from signs in a language I can’t read very well–nothing feels particularly different from what I’ve seen seen growing up in North America. There are wide sidewalks and tall buildings with stores selling clothes and food and accessories that I can easily identify. If I don’t think too hard about it, I could well think I was in New York or London. People spend more time looking at their cellphones here than where I come from, there are more stores, and the queues for public transit actually are queues, not blobs, but I wouldn’t really call any of that exotic—just different. Travelling to different parts of the city I still fail to see things or people that are distinctly exotic. At a ballet class on the 13th floor of a cinema in Sinchon after a particularly tiring jump exercise a girl makes the universal gesture of being tired in my direction, the same way myself and people in ballet classes in the six countries I’ve danced in commiserate with one another. But part of me really wants to find that thing I can’t relate to or recognise at all, something to “write home about” so to speak. In Namdaemun Market on a Saturday morning I finally catch my first glimpse of things that look distinctly different when I peer down an alley to find it so packed with people eating foods I can’t recognize that the cooks and servers can barely deliver to the customers. Ah yes! This is what I’ve seen in the movies and on TV. This is the “exotic Asia” I thought I was coming to, and even this is barely exotic or different, if anything it’s just an indication of a population density that I have never before had to contend with. But then, this is one moment in a city of 11 million people, not the norm. The norm is far from exotic. Perhaps, this is an indication of the global penetration and domination of Western culture, and I’m sure to an extent it is. I think it’s also more than that. From the rocky shores of Newfoundland to the tip of Argentina to the streets of Seoul, the lives of people—at least those in the middle and upper-middle class economic brackets—are not so greatly different. They go out with friends, listen to music, watch TV, go to school and aspire to similar jobs. Exotic in the 21st century is so hard to come by because, stripped to the bones, we are so much more alike than we are different. Climbing to the top of a hill in the Seoul National Cemetery I find myself standing in a place that contrasts completely with everything I have seen thus far of the city. I am at a Buddhist Temple. There is an orange-robed monk sitting cross-legged on the floor in one of the buildings leading people in chant while others go into different ornately painted structures to pray quietly. I’ve never been to a Buddhist Temple before, and it looks like I’ve stepped back in time, it feels untouched by the uber-modern grasp technology has on Seoul, I truly feel far from home standing there looking up at this great statue and these beautifully painted buildings. Is this the exotic we look for? It fits the description, the whole situation is entirely foreign to me. And if so, what right do we have find our exotic in someone else’s religion? This thought brings me back to standing in a Synagogue in Prague last fall and watching other tourists walk around, marvelling at the “strange” objects that were on display and feeling uneasy. Those objects aren’t “strange” to me, they’re part of a belief system that is an important part of my life, just as this place is to the people who have come here to pray. Standing at the top of the hill listening to the monk chant I am struck by the realisation of just how misguided my unspoken quest for the unfamiliar—dare I say exotic—is. It’s not exotic, it’s different. And that’s a difference.
 Reports are coming in that after a crazy night out with the “boys,” complete with cheese and correcting the French sommelier’s pronunciation of fine wines, Kosslyn was persuaded to, shave off his beard, only to find a smaller beard underneath. The propagator of the dare, none other than Ben Nelson himself, reportedly convinced Kosslyn to do so because, “I simply knew what I was talking about.” Meekly has done some research around the issue, and apparently Kosslyn wasn’t originally into the idea until Nelson brought in facts and figures. Kosslyn is reported as saying, “He just had an answer to every question I had… he really knew his stuff.” The Meekly has found no evidence of Nelson’s experience in the beard industry other than his success in selling NapFish, “uber for fish nannies” – if it sounds preposterous that those are his only credentials, it’s because it is.  News about the le petit barbespread rapidly through Kosslyn’s friend group, “The Knights of the Ivory Tower (and Stanford)”. Responses were reportedly skeptical:  “Are you crazy?”, “Do you understand how this can affect your future in academia?” and, “You’re really placing all your eggs in this basket? No one’s done this before… and there might be a reason why.” Kosslyn explained away all of their worries, noting that this would be a great career change for him because he can apply his years of study in beard science and psychology.  Despite sounding so convinced, it is unclear whether Kosslyn is still questioning if he made the correct decision. In an attempt to answer all the questions they have been getting, Nelson and Kosslyn called a press conference, highlights listed below: Reporter: “This one’s for Kosslyn… do you regret shaving the beard off?” Kosslyn: “I regretted doing it at first, but I think making this change will set a precedent for the future, one where innovation is accepted and encouraged. The beard under my beard provides an opportunity to divert funds I would usually put towards beard oil and razors and funnel that right into student experiences, it can be the beard of the 21st century.” Ben: “And only to add, the beard industry hasn’t been changed for years. Abraham Lincoln’s beard looked the same as many of the Israelis we admit every year. We thought it was time for a change.” Reporter: “For Ben, how do you plan on making this successful if you have little to no experience in the industry?” Ben: “The data speaks for itself: did you know the cost of maintenance for a smaller beard is roughly one third the cost of competing beard styles? Not only that, but with a smaller beard, you can apply more individualized care in a way that competing universities… *cough* beards… just are not supplying.” It is still unclear if under Kosslyn’s glasses are another, more pretentious set but the Meekly will update our readers as new evidence comes to light.
 At the beginning of September, when many of the Minervans were still adjusting to being in San Francisco, Eugene Chan posted on Facebook calling for people who were interested in education. Like the Class of 2019 had last year, he wanted to form a team to make a summit during SXSWedu, one of varied conferences at SXSW focused exclusively on education. 20 people came to the first meeting, but when we met again a week later, only four showed up. That’s how our team was formed: Júlia Minichelli, Eugene Chan, Giovanna Chaves, and I were the core team from there on out. For a while, it seemed like a lot of pedaling into darkness. There were passionate discussions and struggles to determine the right problem to solve. Finding the right problem, as it usually is, proved to be the longest struggle, involving multiple meetings with each other, Mike Wang, our Minerva connection to SXSWedu, and Greg, the coordinator of SXSWedu. Slowly the small milestones began to accumulate: We secured a space and time,  had our first preliminary event in San Francisco, and finally, a small group of additional Minerva students from the Class of 2020 were confirmed to help us with the final summit in Austin. March began to near, and the summit became more and more real. We had to buy all the materials, scramble for last minute meetings, and, after several iterations, decide on the final design for the summit. It was continuous work, and now that I try to remember, a lot of it has blurred together, becoming a chunk of the memories from the first semester of my freshman year. However, the months leading up to the summit are the most important to me. If I hadn’t decided to commit to this work, I am not sure that I would’ve truly gotten a chance to really get to know Eugene, Julia, and Giovanna. They are the kind of people that passion burns visibly off of, people that I would want to be friends with but would be too afraid to approach by myself. I loved listening to the three of them heatedly discuss the importance of education, flaws in the SXSWedu conference itself, and what should be the main focus for real improvement. I always greatly appreciated how they made great efforts to include me in the conversation despite my quiet veneer. Those months of meetings might have been stressfully squished between all our other activities, but I’m glad for it. Without them, I’m sure I wouldn’t have such amazing friends. March appeared all too soon for all of us, and bit by bit, all 20 Minervans made their way to SXSW, to Texas, to my home.  Almost all of the Class of 2020 SXSWedu team. Though we had planned for forever, there wasn’t a lot of time for relaxation. Our summit was on Wednesday, and we needed to promote tirelessly to make sure we didn’t have an empty room, filled with only Minervans. We had cards with bright lights, puzzle cards, and stickers, all plastered with “YOUR MISSION” or “#edumission,” a theme we thought would draw attention. For all of Monday and Tuesday, we networked and strategically promoted between sessions, meals, and–for some–classes. When the conference closed each day, we were always tired, but to add to everything, I was particularly insistent that everyone make time for Austin; for Texas. Work is important, but it is also important to remember where you are. The morning and part of the afternoon was filled with SXSWedu, the rest of the time was spent exploring the city, understanding one of the many cultures the United States offers. The morning ritual of waking everyone up and beginning the race was the most telling. There were the early risers and those just motivated to wake themselves up early who would enter the kitchen quietly and already nicely dressed. Though they were quiet, they’d signal to the slightly less motivated that they needed to get up. There was a division there, not a bad one but a distinction. I tended to admire the early goers for how much they came back with, always buzzing about really great sessions that changed their perspective on a particular aspect of education. The late goers also attended sessions, but I saw them taking more time to go to class, help out, and chat with other Minervans. I don’t think it was truly a difference in personality or likeability. It was just a difference in how we began the race of the everyday. There were runs for Tex Mex, tacos, fried chicken, and BBQ. Some explored the Sixth, while others went bowling. There was grumbling about not being able to attend overlapping sessions in the morning and at night, there would be endless discussions about the conference between readings and assignments. Everyone made the most of the experiences, despite the sleep deprivation. A week or two after we returned from Austin, Giovanna, Julia, Eugene, and I went out to Fogo de Chao for dinner. It was supposed to be a celebratory dinner, where we splurged a little for some good food. We stayed there until it closed–a good three or four hours–stuffing ourselves until movement was a struggle. The entire time we talked about Minerva, the conference, global governance, a rumored Brazilian council, and some test about rice. There was no limit, and talk was usually only cut off when more food arrived. It was one of the most fun and interesting conversations I had in a good while. As we rode back in the Lyft while the raindrops hit the windows and we were still loudly complaining about the cost of that dinner together, I couldn’t help but smile and think maybe it was worth it. We had dedicated months–huge chunks of our freshman year–to creating the summit. 20 Minervans had flown or driven or took a bus for an ungodly amount of time to reach Austin. We all barely slept during that week, polishing details at night and rising in the morning bleary-eyed for morning sessions. All for a summit that lasted just three hours. I learned so much about my strengths and weaknesses, about the depths of people’s passion and dedication, and about the interesting people that I have so often passed in the hall without a single glance. It’s slightly strange that what I gained from SXSWedu isn’t an amazing new perspective about education or a sparkly sense of hope towards edtech from all the offered sessions, but instead, an appreciation for the spaces in between. It’s the little stories that mean more to me than anything else; the small moments that truly shape how I think about the world. Yes, it was costly. It cost me so much time. Time that I could have used to explore San Francisco. Hours that I could have used to recover a functioning sleep schedule. Thousands of minutes that could have gone towards assignments or just having fun. But, the conversations were worth it. All the conversations I had in Austin were worth it. The people were worth it. The new friends I made during this whole adventure were worth every single penny, every single minute.
 In the midst of an eventful start to their second semester in San Francisco, Minerva’s Class of 2020 opened the doors of their residence hall to prospective students for the Class of 2021.  The First Ascent Weekend of 2017 took place from Friday, January 27 to Sunday, January 29 2017; admitted students’ first real introduction to Minerva. The weekend was a busy, sometimes stressful, but most of all a fun way to connect with the Ascentees (prospective students) from all over the world and engage with the city in new ways. You can put three assignments around one weekend, that’s fine. We’ve been there. If you want to stretch it, you can also put Foundation Year’s most important City Immersion conference on that Friday, where we are supposed to find partners and challenges for our final projects of the semester. Challenging, yes, but we can do it. Then there’s overkill: you invite 49 amazing, incredible, inspiring young students who might become Minerva freshman in September to visit us that weekend; ask us to introduce them to our passions, our community and our city. I realise Minerva chose us for being “#extraordinary” but this might just be too much. I’m not too excited when I realise on Monday, January 23, that the week will be the most active and draining of our experience at Minerva thus far. On top of that, I’m just starting to settle into my second semester. It’s still a period of redefining connections with peers and the city around me, and shaping the experience I want to have in the four months left in the fabulous Bay Area. Even after the practice of the fall semester, I haven’t figured out all my priorities. Now, you want me to show the city to another German after I’ve just left Germany and started to find my place away from home again? Challenge accepted (begrudgingly). Preparation is key. Luckily, as hosts of Ascentees we get an extension for some of our assignments. I have no idea how I would have showed him anything otherwise. Civitas, the conference to meet Civic Partners from San Francisco, is less of a challenge. After all, talking to community leaders about how to improve the city is what all the location-based assignments, co-curriculars, and city exploration have been about since the start of the year at Minerva. The actual Ascent preparation is easy: blowing up a mattress and clearing out the room a bit. All set. Let’s go. The morning before the Ascentees are set to arrive I get a text: “My flight is late”.So the first night becomes a waiting game as many others are already actively showing their Ascentees around. It’s not like there isn’t work to distract myself, but still, I am relieved when the amazing welcome crew at the slightly hidden entrance of the residence hall calls me down. I pass the now traditional (second year in a row, that counts!) cork world map on the wall where the yellow pins of 2021 prospects already fill up the incredible distribution of white 2020 student pins (what a community)! My Ascentee–despite jetlag and hunger–marvels at the board with me. We follow up tired, awkward first words with a bit of much-needed microwave college food, whereby I smoothly dodge questions about kitchen arrangements, a constant source of contention at 1412. As we wander around the residence passing other excited Ascentees and exhausted 2020 students in the grips of last-ditch efforts to submit assignments, the true Minerva mix engulfs me as well: there is an incredible story behind each person, and yet the routine makes everyone just another student trying to get through freshman year. To distract from the stress, we make a small exploration up to Corona Heights and a group of around 15 Ascentees get their first view of the beauty of San Francisco. More inspiring stories abound until the night drives us all back to cozy-ish beds and/or less-than-cozy air mattresses. Civitas rips me out of the hosting spirit. I replace magnanimity and laissez-faire with seriousness and a careerist vision. The conversations are always fantastic when Minervans pick up a topic and throw their variety of layers from unique experiences and ideas onto it. I’m surprised to hear after that Ascentees were not as enthusiastic about the experience–confused maybe? It’s hard to think outside of our bubble by now; surrounded by idealists and change makers.It’s a moment for us, current Minerva students, to realise that it isn’t normal at all. Neither us nor the Ascentees get much time to reflect on that as the schedule moves on frantically. Friday night, we compress the wide variety of Minerva community activities into one exciting and packed evening of connecting and sharing. The Brazilians host a ’10:01′ cultural-culinary sensation of their native food delights with some background info. Class of 2020’s most active MiCo: FIIT, leads the already tired newcomers in probably the most exhausting Fast Interval Intensity Training in Minerva history. In a typical representation of our values, students from both classes come together for a Supper Club, which does not actually necessarily involve food, but more open conversations about who we are and where we see ourselves in our community. This, apparently, has a strong impact as the 2021 prospects later convened to form their own little talking round, shutting off 2020 students completely and sparking the first inter-class tension moment. They’re living it! Saturday is all learning, in the Minerva way, of course! The Ascentees start with a co-curricular diving into the scary but fascinating future of San Francisco as a city surrounded by rising seas. Alongside data discussions, they draw cartoons of the potential impacts of inherent and needed innovations. I see them coming back with glowing eyes of inspiration as they get thrown into the next adventure: classes on the Active Learning Forum. Current students assist and watch over the prospective 2021s’ first experience with online seminars, breakout groups and Shift-3s (an agreeing snap emoticon). With very minor tech issues–a sigh of relief for the Product Team–the class goes ahead and a sense of general admiration sets in, mixed with the natural levels of confusion about everything being online, that we face every day but that have come to live with and appreciate. The day of intellectual exploration culminates in the Feast, a deliciousness overload with accompanying entertainment from Class of 2020 students. Students masterfully scrambled together a talent show in a few days before the event. It is a celebration of our ability to make fun of ourselves but also the unique talents that go beyond the pure ‘here’s how I’ll change the world’- stereotype of Minerva students. It’s a lot of fun and laughter for both classes and creates community memories that the Ascentees will hopefully hold on to–whether they enroll or not, although this should have provided a powerful nudge towards the former. After all this bonding, the last day of Ascent is more individual about exploration–it is, afterall,  an individual choice to enroll. My Ascentee gets a chance to speak to our founder, Ben Nelson and other important staff on the senior team. Then we depart on a journey to the top of San Francisco: Coit Tower. Passing through the exotic, unique, original Chinatown and the flowery and authentic flair of Little Italy (also known as North Beach) we talk school, politics, and personal stories until we get the views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the symbol of truly arriving in this great city. As we walk uphill, I believe my Ascentee is also getting closer and closer to joining us and I enjoy my time connecting with a new member of the community in the now familiar neighbourhoods. Showing the city to others makes me realise how much I see it as a home now–a manifest to the city as a campus values, but even more the happiness of realising I have arrived again in this city for my second semester here. It took showing others to show me that I belong here. I hope many of the Ascentees have gotten enough to feel this with the experiences they had, and I look forward to seeing them proceed as fellow Minervans come September. It’s been a blast, an unexpected and consequently surprising one.
 SAN FRANCISCO – On January 26, 2017, the winners of the 500 Startups Co-Curricular, the most extensive Co-Curricular Minerva has done yet, were announced. This only marks the end of the second part of this three part series. 500 Startups, a widely known venture fund and seed accelerator, has partnered with Minerva to challenge students with data analysis and data visualization, helping the business itself and giving students a chance to deeply interact with the company. Normally, Minerva’s Co-Curriculars last no longer than one day, which has elicited a few complaints from some students saying it was too shallow of an experience. 500 Startups, by contrast is composed of multiple segments spread over multiple days. The in-depth activity began in November. Several students went to 500 Startups’ headquarters in San Francisco and received an introduction to the company, a presentation from a startup under the watch of the business, and were given the main task for the day. Groups of four students would be given a list of all of the companies under 500 Startups and would begin to collect data on these companies unobtrusively. After a few hours and only a small part of the list completed by each group, everyone recongregated  for the closing. The representative then announced the second stage. Teams would work to finish the data collection and create data visualizations that revealed the strengths and shortcomings of the company. The award for winning teams is access to 500 Startups’ Demo Day, an event in which the 500 Startups’ latest batch pitches to an audience of investors. Additionally, three teams with the best data visualizations are invited to Preview Day: a special day for 500 Startup’s latest batch to present to partners and potential investors. Because of the large time commitment and need to work over the winter break, many of the participating students decided to not continue with this endeavor. In the end, only eight teams formed to push through to the final leg on December 1st, 2016. On Friday, January 20th, the eight teams traveled to 500 Startups main headquarters in Mountain View, California.  Though there was a mixture of nerves and excitement, each team managed to get through their two-minute presentation in front of startup founders and 500 Startups representatives. Though only three teams have gotten the honor to attend Preview Day, each team was given its due praise for all their hard work and will be attending this Co-Curricular’s final segment–Demo Day. The extensive detail, depth, and opportunity of this Co-Curricular has students excited and hopeful for ones to come.
 SAN FRANCISCO – On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, a group of 30 students from Minerva’s Class of 2020 had the chance to explore Upwork, the world’s largest freelancing marketplace. Minerva’s Professional Development Agency facilitated the visit to expose students to what it dubs “the future of work,” a chance for professionals to earn their livings from their workplace of choice through individual projects licensed by employers worldwide. Two company representatives: Rich Pearson, Senior Vice President, and Jeremy Reither, Senior Manager of Upwork’s Talent Agency, introduced themselves to students. Pearson and Reither led the students through a two-hour session. The office’s bright, open space and innovative interior design contrasting starkly with the post-industrial architecture of San Francisco’s SoMa neighbourhood. Pearson and Reither explained Upwork’s conception with the 2013 merger of two large freelance platform websites: Elance and oDesk. Pearson described the merger as “challenging,” citing the obstacle of consolidating two company cultures into one, and solidifying Upwork’s larger mission, to “[connect] not just their companies but first thousands, then millions of freelancers with suitable projects at companies across the globe” Pearson said. The merger took approximately two years. In late 2015, the company rebranded itself under its current name. It now has 12 million freelancers with collective annual earnings of over $1 billion USD. Upwork aims to bring work opportunities to individuals in countries and areas that do not usually have access to the global market, explained Pearson and Reither. Both believe that, across the world, talent is distributed equally but opportunity is not. They hope that Upwork can be a driving force to change this disparity. According to Pearson and Reither, Upwork is the gateway to globalisation for talented developers in underprivileged and undervalued areas with narrow markets. Pearson believes that with the current low minimum pay on the Upwork platform, and serious attempts at underbidding, there is much work left to propel global economic development. Pearson and Reither believe that Upwork welcomes parts of the workforce that the traditional labor market prevents from enfranchising. The employees of Upwork pride themselves on supporting stay-at-home parents, pensioners, and other underserved groups. Reither notes, however, that Upwork cannot serve these groups alone. After presenting their project to the students, Pearson and Reither answered questions. Pearson discussed how “other agents can help Upwork shape the face of the labor force in years to come.” Reither believes that as digitalization and automation put thousands of individuals in traditional industries out of work, governmental social security is the first crucial safety net to keep people’s life in order.  The men’s ideas on universal basic income resonated among the students, though many had doubts on its more tangible impact. To Minervans, the most compelling idea was innovative education programs to bridge the skill-to-employment gap. Both reformed youth education and adult training programs can help the “victims of the 21st century,” as Pearson coins them, discover their place in a rapidly changing business environment. Coding bootcamps and eLearning trends like Massive Open Online Courses are helping forward that path, but “skills validation from these advancements still need refinement for employers to trust them,” noted Pearson. If such measures can be spread from progressive environments like the Bay bubble to the rest of the nation and the world, Upwork can be a sensational tool for reaching out to communities with underemployment and reintegrate them into what will be the workforce of the future: a society of project leaders connecting to problem solvers who help them turn dreams into reality. Pearson compares this to movie crews with a director bringing all the people together. Freelancers, he envisions, can be their own entrepreneurs and hire locally to expand operations for their company-related endeavors, forming a multi-layered system of small businesses and individuals interacting on projects in all corners of the world. At the same time, Upwork aims to help larger corporations adapt to the individualisation of society and the workforce. Pearson explains that, right now, companies in just 20 cities generate 53% of the world’s GDP. The millions of workers that make up the pulsating hearts of these companies struggle with ever-increasing commute times and home prices–as any Bay Area resident would readily affirm. Many will move toward more individualised, remote-work concepts including possible virtual reality workspaces, and, as per Upwork’s vision: freelancing. In this vision, companies would consist of only a few ‘choreographers’ at the core: those who have groundbreaking ideas and can manage across fields. By matching them with the right project managers, Upwork strives to propel this change. It seems futuristic but the foundations are set. All this ‘online dating’ between freelancers and businesses creates a lot of what, here in the Bay Area, is the alchemist’s gold: data, data, data; endless data on who works with whom on what in freelancing. Upwork does not just match companies and workers, it also oversees project completion and gains insights into what projects are on the platform. As the company is quickly scaling, predictive analysis tools from this data becomes ever more important to evaluate and match the up to 10,000 freelancers joining every day. In order to give companies the best value, and freelancers their perfect job match, the platform has a two-way rating system where both sides rate the other on their work ethics and outcomes. It creates a variety of performance ratings that move us ever closer to the somewhat scary ‘social score’ society. What started with rating hotels and restaurants, and passed on to Uber riders and Airbnb hosts, will now, presumably, be part of work. Where that leaves personal privacy and the immeasurability of human nature remains unanswered, but for Upwork, the value of this rating system is immense. Through ratings and project data Upwork can filter the best of the best and create a class above the rest that adds value for both companies and freelancers. The logic goes this way: with freelancing becoming more and more acceptable, Upwork will be able to attract and advertise to those who Silicon Valley calls ’10xers’: people who can have a tenfold impact on company success with their unique skills. A premium version of the platform would expose these talents to businesses seeking exceptional problem solvers–both sides win, and Upwork can charge them for it. To close out their lesson on the future, our hosts invite all the students to join the network and become the ’10xers’ they seek. Another connection, another win-win for all. As the talk ends, students disperse and try to get a hold of Pearson and Reither to discuss the open questions that remain: Will this truly disrupt what we think of work? Will it uplift those lacking opportunity? It is too early for definite answers but good food for thought for the change-makers that will shape the future of work.
 For hundreds of years, philosophers, most prominently Thomas Hobbes and John Locke, have spoken of a purported social contract between people. The idea of the social contract is that all people have an obligation to each other out of the desire to maintain peace. This obligation translates into our creation of government and voluntarily handing over of our rights to a monarch or democratically elected leader who enforces the social contract in the form justice. Social contract theory is incredibly popular among scholars, and it is visible in the way people interact with each other every day: we are not violent with strangers who bump into us on the street because inciting violence does not serve in our best interest. Philosopher David Hume famously made  a case against the existence of a social contract. He said that because people, generations down the line, did not opt-in to the governments which rule over them, the supposed social contract whereby all people are opting into this system of having a leader and acting in a certain way towards others could not possibly exist. This argument is a good one, and while social contract theory remains widely accepted, Hume brings up an important point: in the twenty-first century, people living in countries with long-standing, stable governments never had the opportunity to opt-in, or in many instances, realistically opt-out of that system. That seems to have changed. Just before 3:00am eastern standard time on November 9, 2016 businessman and reality show star Donald J. Trump was announced 45th President-elect of the United States of America. If there was a social contract in America, it’s over. The social contract operates on the assumption that we have a degree of mutual respect for each other and do not want to live in a society where certain social groups are marginalized because it could result in violence and general chaos, setting aside the basic principles of human rights and decency under which we generally suppose governments and individuals to act. The attitudes and actions of Mr. Trump generally contradict this notion. From misogynistic to racist comments and tweets, and a demonstrated lack of propriety when dealing with aspects of international relations, Mr. Trump shows a disregard for any given social contract. While one individual opting-out of the social contract that the rest of society upholds is not an uncommon phenomenon, throngs of people acting in violation of the contract should call our attention. Individuals with differing values choose to subscribe to contracts tied with different beliefs in the social system quite often, though they typically do so while upholding those aspects of the prevailing contract necessary for maintaining peace and order in society. However, in the period following Mr. Trump’s election we have paid witness to the mass abandonment of the social contract, or any pretense of its existence. Without this unspoken agreement binding us together in general understanding and respect for each other, we are faced with some difficult questions. Firstly, who do you trust? If there is one thing to take away from this election (aside of course from the result and all the things associated with that) it is perhaps the power of the dissemination of misinformation. Mr. Trump has shown us that facts are — apparently — relative, if you don’t like the numbers, find a way to change them. He has shown us that to a shocking number of individuals the difference between fact and opinion is a translucent line that can be crossed and blurred without incurring personal damages or repercussions. When we have no commitment to each other to share the truth, then how do we know who is telling the truth? The US election was a prime example of how disinformation and a lack of confidence in what were once considered to be reliable media sources can result in an imbalance of information and make it difficult for us to determine fact from fiction. When we are told by one side that sources like The Washington Post, a newspaper long heralded as an authority on political reporting, is telling lies, and the other side reminds us again and again not to hearken Fox News because it is twisting reality, we lose any ability to safely determine where the truth exists, if it does. It is the duty to tell the truth when it matters; the sense of responsibility to do this is what we are threatened to lose. It is of course possible that we are inherently driven to tell the truth, regardless of an unspoken agreement, but more likely (given the way we so often behave towards each other) that we will favour the ease of omission over the toil of truth. Second, how do we live in a world of myriad personal differences? The multiculturalism of the world; the many variations in our shading and beliefs, is incredibly beautiful, but also requires a degree of tolerance that can be difficult to uphold. We tolerate, accept, and even embrace the differences between us because we have a responsibility to understand and respect the differences between ourselves, it allows us to live cohesively together. Now we see these differences flaunted as negatives, as a reason to fear and divide. This idea isn’t new, it has created problems in different societies across the globe throughout history. In the wake of the election results being announced there has been a surge of violence towards Muslims and homosexuals in red and blue states. If this is an indication of what society is without the social contract, we are in for nerve-wracking times. If our only reason to act or not act towards others in a negative or even violent fashion is the unspoken contract that we sign by function of our birth, then with its dissolution there is nothing to prevent the worst of human behaviour to become normalized, an incredibly dangerous position to be in. There is no use in trying to pretend this sudden outbreak of violence towards minority groups, visible and invisible, is not directly related to the words preached by Mr. Trump during his campaign. When our leaders abandon one of the fundamental pillars of the social contract those in North America have been so lucky to uphold-that of acceptance-with no consequences, it is not long before the masses begin to adopt the same ideology. When tolerance and acceptance break down, it is merely the beginning of a chain reaction that will topple the carefully cultivated social practices and values we have come to agree upon over generations of hard work. The accord has been broken, the pretense abandoned. We are now faced with the question of whether the world we live in, at least in North America, can survive humanity without the agreement to act reasonably, responsibly, and kindly towards those around us. The people have spoken, and they have spoken for the end of what has so long safeguarded us against some of the worst our species has to offer. It was far from a perfect contract, individuals and communities often fell through the cracks of our good behaviour, but it prevented day-to-day racism, misogyny, and xenophobia that we have seen emerge with a new confidence since November’s election. The social contract did not dissolve from becoming obsolete. There was an undeniable conscious choice made by a sizable portion of the population, one that we may not be able to undo for a very long time.
 A group of Class of 2019 students have drafted a charter for a student government, the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM), and will put this charter to a vote on Friday, January 13 2017. The decision to approve this charter now lies in the hands of the student body. It is an important decision to make, as the ASM would change the character of student and staff interaction at the university. Students from both classes have weighed in and several opinions on how to proceed have emerged. Minerva is a young and developing university. Students change it through their feedback and the way they engage and interact with the institution, administration and staff every day. Since the start of this brave experiment, there have been issues that the students wanted to address with the administration where the processes for interaction were not clear. This has led to the formation of working groups on creating a charter for a student organization and government. In Class of 2019, moves to create a student government started last year and have gone through several iterations of charters and governments to arrive at the current proposed charter. The will to create the ASM has emerged from urgent problems in communications and negotiations with the administration. The system to be put in place now through the charter is therefore designed for difficult periods to solve conflict and ensure students’ voices are heard. The mechanism would operate as a formal liaison between students and Minerva’s administration. This way, students can have their concerns addressed efficiently and seriously. You can view this charter here. It lays out a basic structure for student government with two representatives for each class who will take care of issues in the community on behalf of the classes that elected them. Every class will elect their representatives at the start of each semester through a system of single transferable vote after short election campaigns overseen by an election commission. The representatives will then rule on important decisions for the student body and present student opinions to the administration. Students can reach representatives through inquiries and forms demanding change in university proceedings or the charter itself. To counteract representatives’ action, the charter provides for referenda which pass with a simple student majority. Students from Class of 2020 have raised concerns about the nature of this charter. Firstly, some feel a lack of accountability to the student body, especially to Class of 2020, who were not consulted in the creation of the charter. Secondly, they see a need to increase options to modify the charter for coming classes. In addition, they do not see legitimate procedures to solve major conflicts within the student body and between classes addressed adequately. Lastly, there are still doubts about the exact role of representatives and their interactions within the student body. To ensure solutions to all of these issues, Class of 2020 student Josh Broomberg has led a team to propose that the charter be voted on provisionally and to create mechanisms to revise it with student input for a limited period. This revision period would be overseen by a provisional government to ensure that student voices are heard in the administration immediately. Broomberg suggests that in this time the student government’s charter would iterate rapidly, allowing for necessary time to incorporate both classes’ needs. Read their proposal here. At the same time, students would work on accommodating everybody’s wishes in a revised and improved charter that would be put to vote at a later date. Opinions diverge again on how to work on improvement. Some argue for a constitutional committee-style leadership group to amend the charter with student feedback, while others favor working groups for interested students who care about certain issues. Most important, at this point, seems to be effective communication between all students and between classes. As Colette Brown, Class of 2019, explains: “We want the exact the same thing and that is to have a seat at the table with the administration. The only difference is that at the end of this semester, we want to ensure both classes still have a government. If 2020 wants to make a working group to edit the current charter, awesome, but let’s make sure they have something to fall back on if it doesn’t pass. We need the permanent charter as a safety net.” Voices from the Class of 2020 do not agree and prefer a provisional charter. Broomberg explains: “A provisional government is a compromise. It balances the urgent need for representation against the need to improve the charter before it becomes permanent. We believe that, as is, it is not good enough to be permanent.” This Friday, Minerva students face one of the most important choices they, thus far, will make in shaping the college at which they study.
 BUENOS AIRES – Minerva’s first semester ever outside the U.S. has ended as the Class of 2019 finished its classes in Berlin on Thursday, December 16, 2016 and has since moved to Buenos Aires, Argentina. Since Minerva does not have final examinations, students spent the last week of classes writing final essays and response papers. The culmination of Fall semester classes was celebrated with a late-evening feast, dubbed “Continuum,” organized by the local Berlin staff, San Francisco staff who flew in for the celebration, and a team of students. Some students stayed in Berlin through winter break while others departed for home for the holidays. By Tuesday, January 3, most students arrived in Buenos Aires, where they will be staying at a hotel in the Retiro district. The second semester began on Wednesday, January 4 with “Elevation,” Minerva’s semesterly orientation. Classes began, marking the official academic start to the semester, on Monday, January 9, 2017. As students prepared to travel to Buenos Aires for the first time in Minerva’s history, the excitement was palpable. Some even arrived before the New Year to get a head start and take part in Buenos Aires’ New Year celebrations. Students are also enjoying the Southern Hemisphere’s summer, particularly after enduring Berlin’s increasingly cold and short winter days. One challenge in the transition has been that some students had experienced significant delays in receiving their Argentinian visas and others are still waiting for their approval. Students from some countries — including China, India, Nigeria, Vietnam, and others — must receive a visa before they can enter the country, and as the application process had only begun in November, some students were not able to secure an appointment or receive approval in time for their flights. This required some students to change their travel plans and initially prompted Minerva to consider extending the leases on some apartments and internet service in Berlin to allow the students still waiting on their visas to continue classes. However, Minerva staff worked tirelessly to address the challenge and despite the bumps in the road nearly all students received their visas before Elevation. Currently, The Quest is aware of only three students awaiting visas. For more details and reflections by students and staff, read The Quest’s longer article to be published soon. For some Minervans, another challenge has been leaving Berlin after just four months, particularly when Minerva’s city immersion allows them to make friendships and connections which then become harder to maintain after just one semester. One student has decided to remain in Berlin for the coming semester to continue their career pursuits. Then again, other students are enjoying the continuous rotation despite these time constraints, particularly considering the breadth of exposure that the frequent relocation offers. One student who has been in Berlin since June and who preferred to remain anonymous told the Quest, “Berlin becomes a very different city if you have witnessed its dynamics in both summer and winter. Summer is a paradise, Winter a parasite. Summer is vibrant but relaxed, Winter quiet but tensed. Although summer is optimal for discovery and exploration, winter has the same effect, albeit through force, but its focus is inwards.” The student also highlighted the dilemma of frequent relocation. “I do not want to leave; Berlin is the first city I feel home in. Or maybe that is exactly why I should leave. Maybe this is what people felt when they left their homes.” As classes began on Monday, Minerva’s everlasting challenge of providing sufficiently strong WiFi connections to every student resurfaced. Though most classes worked properly, there were some hiccups in connectivity, because despite Minerva’s large investment in building a strong internet connection within the hotel, its thick concrete walls continue to pose a challenge. However, the Minerva Tech Team has been rigorously working to eliminate the last trouble spots, sending frequent emails to update the student body on the progress that is being made and pursuing evermore creative solutions to provide strong WiFi for every room of every student. The general mood among students during the past week remained upbeat as new Student Affairs and Student Experience staff welcomed the class in Buenos Aires with programming they had been preparing for months. Elevation weekend was launched with a welcome at Argentina’s Ministry of Education, where students were introduced to Minerva’s Buenos Aires team and also to more than a dozen local professionals — dubbed “Civic Partners” — who are collaborating with Minerva to provide students with opportunities to engage with the city.  Further events were held at Buenos Aires’ innovative Metropolitan Center of Design. Students also partook in an exploration challenge (“scavenger hunt”) to start to engage with the culture and history of the city, which included a flash tango lesson and visits to historical landmarks. In addition, each student received an individually tailored “Golden Ticket” to an event or place in the city connected to their interests, to provide a more individualized introduction to the city. Some students interested in social justice and urban planning were given the opportunity to walk through the urban slum “Villa 31” with a city official working to improve its conditions, others interested in dance were invited to Argentinian dance classes, and others to various museums and musical performances. The weekend culminated with Minerva’s first-ever “Pool Feast”, a pool party that allowed students to celebrate their arrival, grill in Argentinian style, and share their thoughts and excitement on the upcoming semester. As students have now settled in to their new home, Minerva’s Buenos Aires Student Experience Team is launching its weekly “What I’ve Learned” speakers series and various community events. Students are also now starting to engage with Civic Partners and, in typical Minerva fashion, seeking out the best WiFi cafés across the city to study and take classes. With the start of classes, Minerva Schools, and the Minerva Quest, are now tri-continent organizations.
 As the surprising election result comes in, Minerva’s Class of 2020 turn to discussion and protest. The Minerva Class of 2020 found itself amidst one of the most highly contested and controversial presidential campaigns in living history. For the students, this added to an already exciting and tumultuous time of new adventures and self discovery. Accordingly, the election results had a great impact on the community. Although the responses were not uniform, a large portion of the multicultural group was shocked and emotionally affected by Donald J. Trump’s victory. The realisation of this upset hit hardest with American students, who were largely in a state of disbelief and grief. In the first hours, they shed tears and shared hugs, supporting each other after what seemed for many as though the world had fallen apart. Trump’s victory, especially the implied rejection of the openness and diversity many students at Minerva stand for, proved hard to grapple with. Reconciling their divided country continued to be difficult as life went on as normal the morning after. Professors tried their best to keep class going with reduced attendance and distraught student contributions, often struggling to keep their minds off the ‘elephant in the room’ themselves. After class, it all broke down. Several of the Minerva Facebook pages fired up in engaging conversations on how to proceed. Quickly, students posted links to the many protests erupting spontaneously in the Bay Area in response to Trump’s election. While American students led the effort, many international students joined them to speak up for their values and support their hurting classmates. As Class of 2020 student Ri Bouthillier from Maine put it, ‘people weren’t just scared and looking for support, they were angry, they were rallying. They felt betrayed by their fellow citizens, they wanted the world to know that if the new administration was going to come after us, we were not going to go quietly.’ In front of San Francisco city hall, Minervans were especially vocal, Americans and internationals alike led chants including ‘My body, my choice! – your body, your choice!’ protecting the rights of women choosing to have an abortion, ‘The people, united, will never be defeated’ in both English and Spanish and the strong ‘No justice! No peace!’ protecting the civil and human rights of all residents in America. Minervans peacefully expressed their opinions and contributed to safe and strong protests. Meanwhile, professors and students also established conversation platforms and information sessions on what this means for the students, the U.S., and the world through which the Class of 2020 will travel during Trump’s tenure. This provided an opportunity for everyone to share their thoughts and sorrows with an understanding and compassionate community.
 In his 2013 article in The New York Times,“How Not to Be Alone,” novelist Jonathan Safran Foer examines the role technology plays in our society and interpersonal relationships, as well as the consequences of living in an increasingly technology-oriented world. Foer contends that “technology celebrates connectedness, but encourages retreat.” He suggests that, while technology cannot erase human contact from our lives, it can successfully pacify us into suppressing–even forgetting–that we have the opportunity for it. According to Foer, the danger in our growing dependency on technology to provide us with forms of entertainment and social crutches lies in its ability to make us apathetic. Our preference for these “diminished substitutes,” as Foer coins them, over genuine communication poses a threat to future generations’ abilities to care.  In essence, future communication will be so unrewarding that we will lose interest in communicating entirely. Foer links the advent of technology in our personal lives to various other human phenomena, like attention, which he claims will become an increasingly rare commodity in future generations.  Foer cites a model of personal technology use that demonstrates clear diminishing returns: Online communication originated as a substitute for telephonic communication, which was considered, for whatever reasons, too burdensome or inconvenient. And then texting, which facilitated yet faster, and more mobile, messaging. These inventions were not created to be improvements upon face-to-face communication, but a declension of acceptable, if diminished, substitutes for it. Foer believes that these methods of communication–texting, e-mail, telephones–are less stimulating and consequently less rewarding. Their popularity lies in their ostensible efficiency and ease (“hard news is easier to leave; it’s easier to check in without becoming entangled”). However, they also make in-person communication less efficient by ingraining in us habits of emotional apathy and short attention spans.  Foer writes, “The flow of water carves rock, a little bit at a time. And our personhood is carved, too, by the flow of our habits.” As well, Foer acknowledges the benefits of technology.  He forewarns of the dangers of being vehemently on either side of the technological renaissance. Horse-drawn carriage is no longer the popular mode of transport, but that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy riding one through Golden Gate Park. Instead, Foer treads down the middle, preaching moderation in our use of ‘i-Distractions.’ And the threat of dependency on them is so grave that Foer truly believes our lives hang upon it.  In response to distraction, Foer’s proposed antidote is to be militant in our attentiveness. “We require the hard work of emotional computation and corporeal compassion,” he says. Foer wants us to actively care. His argument is both sincere and cogent, if trite in its execution. He recognizes that it is misinformed to argue totally against our use of technology, and wilfully ignorant for us to ignore technology’s adverse effects.  Yet Foer’s writing lacks practicality; essentially, he is preaching a philosophy that exists merely as an abstract objective.  Our ability to navigate the right amount of exposure to technology in our lives is contingent on our ability to think clinically about our behaviours, not necessarily our entire worldview.  Foer believes that our daily use of communication will ultimately lead us to forget others. However, Foer never considers how he would be shaped by a life of the opposite.  Would he be able to function in a world where not everyone–indeed, not even the majority of people–are willing to eschew technology in their everyday lives? Could Foer acclimate himself to a professional life less efficient and less immediate than to what he is accustomed? Perhaps the future he urges us towards exists merely as a vague concept, not a tenable reality. And, more to the point, this may be its only palatable form.  As Foer says, “With each generation, it becomes harder to imagine a future that resembles the present.” The obvious irony here is that his article is written, disseminated, and consumed all on a computer.  He writes, “The problem with accepting — with preferring — diminished substitutes is that over time, we, too, become diminished substitutes. People who become used to saying little become used to feeling little.” However, in this blanket statement, Foer discounts all the good that can come of online relationships: people can match with others who share common interests (Tinder), introverts can express themselves more freely (blog posts), and we can partake in what before were seen as “impossible activities,” like communicating with friends and colleagues overseas (Minerva’s Active Learning Forum, or ALF, on which all Minerva students take their classes in an online seminar format from locations around the world).  Foer dismisses the nuances of social media and its inherent power in uniting its users. Using personal technology, not only could a reader read Foer’s article instantly, he could also write an immediate response, and start a dialogue with others. 20 years ago these things weren’t even known unknowns–they were, as Rumsfeld famously put it, unknown unknowns. Even before Facebook launched 12 years ago, we had no ways of predicting how social media and technology would shape our lives. These are possibilities that previous generations never had, and that future generations may take for granted. This is the crux of Foer’s argument: the more we take our “diminished substitutes” for granted, the more we will take for granted the relationships we have in our “physical lives”. Foer conflates the concept of a “physical life” (in essence, the life we live outside of the internet) with our “real lives.” Is our Internet usage not as much a part of our real lives as our in-person interactions? What is more intimate: a relationship you have with a professor you see once a week for a three-hour lecture, or one with whom you debate twice a week on the ALF? Foer is right in warning us of the dangers of dwindling attention spans and “diminished substitutes” for real interactions. However, his simplistic view of technology (that it encourages us to accept little from others and “feel little” ourselves) lacks the nuance of a proficient Internet user, someone who can manipulate the Internet’s resources to explore, connect, and learn from a variety of rich sources. Thus Foer’s essay is less a manual in “how not to be alone” as it is in how not to be lonely.  The easier it becomes to use our personal devices to isolate ourselves from others, the more vigilant we must become in using technology to forge meaningful relationships.  The technology in our lives causes distractions, but it also helps us discover and learn.  Foer is right in preaching moderation in our use of technology. The task each individual faces is evaluating when it is appropriate to use technology in our personal lives, and when it is necessary to exist, however briefly, exclusive to our personal technology. As Minervans, we see our computers for–at the very least–three hours a day. But do we have the willpower to close our laptops after class ends and unplug from our e-lives? Perhaps a school whose success rests on our ability to acquaint ourselves to our computers inevitably ends up instilling in us habits of dependency on them.  What kind of consequences could the indirect conditioning that learning always happens on a computer have on us? Instead of using technology to forget about the human interactions we can make in our lives, we should use it to remind us of the importance of being fully attentive and available to others.  Foer worries “that the closer the world gets to our fingertips, the further it gets from our hearts.” This is valid concern. However, that statement also acknowledges–however tangentially–the power of the Internet age: the concepts of “the world” and “our” are ever expanding, encompassing more cultures and peoples than ever before.  If we let the technology in our lives placate us into a generation of indifference, we have failed. However, if we can use our technology to care more than ever before, and to be more attentive than ever before, we have not only succeeded. We will know that we are not alone.
 (1) Legislators block the political system in order to stop Presidential actions but he overrules them by constitutional powers, risking a government shutdown. (2) An elitist female relative of a powerful former president runs for office, after he left amid scandals and unleashed widely hailed yet ultimately harmful economic policies. (3) A macho bullies his way to power by bluntly insulting political opponents and women, decries international alliances and points to crime and drugs as scapegoats for the countries’ problems with poverty. (4) A populist movement dissatisfied with the direction of their country unites through rage and disillusion against a corrupt elite, bringing to power one of the richest businessmen in the country. Although this sounds suspiciously like the man and country that have dominated headlines for weeks now, these statements concern other events from across the globe. They describe countries in deep crises – the explanations are below: (1) is Venezuela, where President Maduro tries vehemently to block his impeachment by Congress, causing a constitutional crisis while the economy is in a free-falling downwards spiral and the capital Caracas records the highest crime rates in the world. (2) is Thailand, where the election of Yingluck Shinawatra, sister of exiled former populist President Thaksin, led to a political crisis and a military coup that has terminated political rights in the Southeast Asian nation. (3) is The Philippines, whose President Rodrigo Duterte called Obama a ‘Son of a Whore’, gave up sovereignty powers to China and unleashed a catastrophic drug war that leaves corpses on the street of the nation every day. (4) is Ukraine, where the election of oligarch Petro Poroshenko after the Euromaidan revolution rushing Pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych out of office initiated civil war and Putin’s annexation of Crimea, leaving the country in tatters. Despite the striking similarities, the United States will not end up in any of these situations. Its institutions have endured long periods of stability and will not fall apart because of one election. Nevertheless, these comparisons cast doubt on the functioning of the system of government and political culture in this country. America has a well-established democracy that has worked towards the prosperity of a majority of its citizens for a long time but, starts to show signs of fatigue and structural failure. All systems need renewal to stay healthy. America needs to admit its problems and address them. American politics have hit a wall. The two parties who as institutions have carried, led, and shaped the nation’s politics and democracy since the Civil War have ceased to support the nation or their own political bases. The elites use party politics to divide and extort the nation until they have amassed all power. After all, Clinton and Trump come from the same class: they have led a privileged life in the echelons of power away from the struggle of the masses. They are part of the nation’s economic and political elites spending their lives contemplating about leadership in Washington and the penthouse suites of the country’s finance and innovation hubs. While they waste their money and efforts on vengeful partisan fights, the America below them has changed dramatically. Traditional divisions between the left and right, between industry workers and countryside farmers, liberals and conservatives are starting to loosen and disappear. The very concept of freedom, so basic to America’s democratic republic, is a topic of debate. One side defines this freedom as the right to freely wield guns and throw around insults. It sees this freedom as their right to economic prosperity and a subjective definition of equal chance in the world: the long-established superiority of American workers over other countries’ laborers. In the eyes of this protest group the recent election was a blow to the elites. They believe defying perceived over-regulation and globalization’s dynamic progress, economically and socially, is their path back to prosperity. They hail a New York real estate mogul as the protector of their rights. They could be correct. He might give them back their privileges and possibly even parts of their economic status. The loser of this, however, is America’s unity and power in the world. This election, the elites lost. Much of Wall Street, Silicon Valley and the Washington establishment backed Hillary Clinton or other candidates in the primaries.  At the same time, the defenders of an equal and multi-cultural society lost. The defenders of an open and collaborative world order lost. The defenders of scientific truth, environmental protection, and technological progress lost. These three areas are part of the foundation of America’s special status and power in the world: its ability to attract talent from across the globe with its unique immigration culture, the ability to lead an open market world order, and its pioneering status in business and technology which emerges from the former two. Trump’s presidency threatens these concepts. The angry, the upset, must therefore realize that their enemy is not outside of America. It sits on top. Like the British in India, the elites have divided the nation to the extent that the people cannot rise against them, too caught up in hating each other. Polarization mostly benefits those who rummage the spoils: politicians in their campaigns and media moguls with their partisan information. Since neoliberalism has taken hold in the American economy, all new wealth ends up in what we now call the 1%. Obama could not fix this problem. Hillary would not have fixed this problem. Trump’s tax plans will exacerbate this problem. Republicans used the growing inequality to attract voters by blaming it on Democratic economic programs and government overreach. Meanwhile, Democrats like Bernie Sanders blame it on free trade. Both are wrong. What is broken is the distribution of wealth and power in the United States itself. No outside power, no foreign policy or trade deal renegotiation can fix this. Only the people can. The people of the United States of America cannot allow themselves to be led to fight each other anymore. They should not accept hate against immigrants or Muslims, they cannot allow ethnic or religious divisions to foster sectarian conflict. They cannot allow a highly militarized state to deny them the education and infrastructure to succeed and social welfare networks to protect them. They cannot allow industries like arms manufacturers or the banking sector to exert power over their government and bend the rules to consolidate wealth and power in the hand of the few. The current system of American party politics must end to ensure the survival of democracy. The people need to join together and overcome hate imposed by elites and media. They need to elect representatives who strive for their best against imposed party politics or hidden interests. They need to kick money out of politics and change the economic laws of this nation. Finally, they need to take control of Congress and the proceedings in the halls of power. This calls for renewal, transparency, and accountability. It starts in the city councils and town halls, goes through statehouses and governorships and ends with a less corrupt, more flexible and accountable Congress and President. The people need to rule over the institutions. They can. From this day onwards, there are clear steps to pursue these goals. Protest decisions until policymakers respond. Defend rights in the independent court houses of the nation. Work to end the electoral college and support the President-elect in imposing term limits on Congress. Mostly importantly, talk about the problems. Hold open discussions and identify what is really lacking to ensure the prosperity of yourself and your fellow citizens. Engage in your local issues. Engage in national issues. Elect representatives who promise direct and real improvements for the people, regardless of party affiliation . If you have the strength, stand for election. Now that the institutions look more broken than ever, it is time to take them into the hands of the people. For alternatives, return to the start of this article.
 SAN FRANCISCO – a group of avid creative writers have come together to form a community based on accountability and exploration. The group, called “Little Green Shoes”, gathers every Friday to either engage in free-form writing activities or workshop sessions led by peers. The goal of “Write Night”, a tradition started by Founding Class student Kayla Cohen, is to encourage members’ accountability for their writing processes, and to engender support from peers. Workshops explore new genres and techniques, as individuals take turns sharing skills and elements in which they are proficient. The Little Green Shoes community works to  foster creativity by engaging in an open, encouraging space. Last Friday, a workshop was led by Mayzie Allswede, co-editor of the Creative section of  the Minerva Quest, on Shakespearean sonnets. The workshop started by exploring the concepts of iambic pentameter and rhyme schemes through games and practice. Attendees were divided into pairs to construct original sonnets together. Two options were given for the topic of the sonnets: adapting a song or beards. Every group chose to write about beards. By working in teams, the participants were able to practice questioning and elaborating upon their ideas, with the night culminating in the groups editing each other’s work. Many of the students were unfamiliar with some or all of the technical aspects of writing a sonnet, and left the workshop with an original, collaborative poem, and a deepened familiarity with the form. In the future, Little Green Shoes’ mission is to increase the turnout at writing workshops and Write Nights, and expand the enthusiasm for creative writing within Minerva’s San Francisco community.
 Gwen Ifill has died in a hospice facility in Washington, D.C. at 61. Sara Just, executive producer of “PBS NewsHour” announced Ifill’s death on November 14, 2016. The cause of death was cancer. Gwen Ifill first established herself as a premier newspaper journalist at some of the United State’s leading institutions. Ifill then transitioned to television broadcast reporting and along with Judy Woodruff became the co-anchor and co-managing editor of the PBS Newshour’s Washington Week. In her career, Ifill moderated the vice presidential debates of 2004 and 2008, published New York Times­-best selling political works, including the 2009 book, The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama. Just praised Ifill as a “journalist’s journalist.” A memorial service is planned to take place at a future date.
 “Your body like a searchlight  my poverty revealed,  I would like to try your charity  until you cry, ‘Now you must try my greed.’ And everything depends upon how near you sleep to me.” — from “Take This Longing,” 1974 Leonard Cohen, who was born on September 21, 1934 in Montreal and died on November 7, 2016 in Los Angeles, was one of the most influential songwriters of his generation. Known for cultivating a deeply personal oeuvre of song-poems addressing issues of sexuality, identity, morality, religion, politics, existence, and isolation, Cohen’s work stands today as a watershed for the song as an artform for literary expression. His words are deeply personal, yet deeply universal. They can be strikingly ambiguous, yet equally brusque, even American in style, echoing the influence of 1960s Californian counterculture on his writing. Cohen’s peers were Paul Simon, Bob Dylan, fellow Canadian Joni Mitchell, Joan Baez, and Judy Collins. Cohen, however, stands alone as a wordsmith of not just songs, but also of novels and poetry. His first collection of poems, Let Us Compare Mythologies,  was released in 1956, comprised largely of poems Cohen wrote between the ages of 15 and 20, including while a student at McGill University. Famed Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye gave the collection “restrained praise.” Cohen’s voice, though green and bearing the strong influence of Yeats and Lorca, was markedly assured. And all the landmarks were there: religion, sex, love, and identity. In “When This American Woman”, Cohen approaches sexuality with arresting frankness.  When this American woman,  whose thighs are bound in casual red cloth,  comes thundering past my sitting place  like a forest-burning Mongol tribe,  the city is ravished A decade later, Cohen became known for his many love affairs, including those with Janis Joplin (about whom the song “Chelsea Hotel No. 2” is written), Joni Mitchell, who cites “Suzanne” as one of the greatest songs she’s ever heard, Marianne Ihlen, about whom the songs “So Long, Marianne” and “Bird on a Wire” are written, and Suzanne Elrod, with whom Cohen had two children: Adam and Lorca, named after Cohen’s literary idol. (In the 2005 tribute film  Leonard Cohen: I’m Your Man, Cohen gingerly admits that he switched from poetry to music because it seemed a surer way to pick up women, and the habit stuck.) In his second collection,  The Spice-Box of Earth, Cohen’s work deepened with stunning confidence. Cohen approached social taboos with honesty and an oft acerbic tone. In “The Genius” he writes: For you   I will be a Broadway jew   and cry in theatres   for my mother   and sell bargain goods   beneath the counter His 1963 novel The Favourite Game, a bildungsroman about a man discovering his passions through writing, is a deeply engaging view of the Jewish immigrant experience in the ghettos of Montreal in the 20th century. His 1866 novel Beautiful Losers caused controversy amongst press and publishers for its graphic depictions of sex and post-modernist literary techniques. An equally influential Canadian ran in the same circles as young Cohen: Mordecai Richler, author of literary works such as The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz  (1959)  and Barney’s Version (1997). It was not until Cohen was 33 and had ostensibly failed in both poetry and prose that he released his first album of music, noted for its husky, gravelly baritone voice and simple harmonic progressions, often to folksy sounding guitars and backed by sacred-sounding vocals. It is here that we distill Cohen’s fraught brand of genius. Songs of Leonard Cohen (1967) remains his most financially successful album to date. Unique, however, was Cohen’s ability to maintain both commercial appeal and artistic integrity into his Eighties: his final album, You Want It Darker,was released three weeks before his death to warm reception. Cohen’s most famous (and recorded) song may be “Hallelujah.” In it he employs some of his most trademark Cohenisms: a preoccupation with the divine against a Judeo-Christian backdrop (with the vocabulary to boot), an “erotic despair”, as his work was marketed by recording companies, a balance of the granular and the epic, an unflinching romanticism, a resemblance to liturgy, and a “confessional” style. Yet “Hallelujah” represents a single facet of Cohen’s varied milieu; in writing his early work, Cohen fasted and consumed amphetamines to help focus, and in composing “Hallelujah”, Cohen was once reduced to sitting on the floor of his Royalton Hotel room in New York, banging his head on the floor. The song’s enduring popularity has been bolstered by its many covers, including those by John Cale, Jeff Buckley (whose cover was ranked by Rolling Stone as the 259th greatest song of all time in 2004), k.d. lang, and Rufus Wainwright, whose version was featured in the 2001 film Shrek. In his later years, Cohen’s work turned further inward. Cohen explained his spirituality in an interview given a week before his death. He said, “I’ve never thought of myself as a religious person. I don’t have any spiritual strategy. I kind of limp along like so many of us do in these realms. Occasionally, I’ve felt the grace of another presence in my life, but I can’t build any kind of spiritual structure on that. So I feel that this is a vocabulary that I grew up with. This biblical landscape is very familiar to me so it’s natural that I use those landmarks as references. Once they were universal references…that’s no longer the case today but it’s still my landscape… Outside of that, I cannot — I dare not — claim anything in the spiritual realm for my own.” Cohen’s recent single, “You Want It Darker”, references the biblical phrase, “Hineni”, meaning “Here I am” extensively. Cohen seems to be prophesying: “Hineni, hineni, I’m ready, my Lord.” In his final album, which Cohen felt was an artistic success, his voice is lower, his themes darker, his music more liturgical. It is a Leonard Cohen aged and wizened, and ironically in the peak of his artistry. Cohen, who passed peacefully in his Los Angeles home at age 82, was survived by two children and three grandchildren.  A memorial is planned to take place at a future date in Los Angeles. Cohen was paid tribute by numerous celebrities, artists, and musicians. In a recent New Yorker feature, Cohen stated that he was “ready to die.” Recently, however, he suggested, “I intend to live forever.” Through his work and its influence on a generation of poets and musicians after him, he may   “And who by brave assent, who by accident, who in solitude, who in this mirror, who by his lady’s command, who by his own hand, who in mortal chains, who in power, and who shall I say is calling?”  “Let the hills rejoice Let your mercy spill On all these burning hearts in hell If it be your will  “And everybody knows that the Plague is coming Everybody knows that it’s moving fast Everybody knows that the naked man and woman Are just a shining artifact of the past Everybody knows the scene is dead But there’s gonna be a meter on your bed That will disclose What everybody knows.”  “I don’t like your fashion business, mister And I don’t like these drugs that keep you thin I don’t like what happened to my sister First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.”  “And clenching your fist For the ones like us Who are oppressed by the figures of beauty You fixed yourself You said “Well nevermind We are ugly but we have the music.”  “Your faith was strong but you needed proof You saw her bathing on the roof Her beauty and the moonlight overthrew her She tied you To a kitchen chair She broke your throne, and she cut your hair
 Leonard Cohen has died at age 82 in his Los Angeles home. The singer-songwriter gained fame in the 1950s and 60s, first as a novelist, and then as a poet and musician. Cohen’s works were noted for their underlying spirituality, and preoccupation with morality, beauty, and morbidity. A post to the musician’s official Facebook page reads: “It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away. We have lost one of music’s most revered and prolific visionaries. A memorial will take place in Los Angeles at a later date. The family requests privacy during their time of grief.” Cohen’s final album, You Want it Darker, was released earlier this year.
 Our first opinion piece in response to the election of Donald J. Trump as the 45th President of the United States of America.  The country has come to a standstill. What no one around me believed possible is reality. He won. Hours of nerve-wracking uncertainty and frantic calculations fade away into hazy stares of disbelief and  consternation. Anger, cynicism, self-doubt and predominantly horror take over. Hope and unity have lost. The scars run deep. America is plunging into  historically unprecedented territory. The populace has decided that after 150 years of relative civil peace under a stable bipartisan elite it is time for an overthrow. The system is so broken that trust in authorities and the institutions of the state has sunk to a record low. Society is polarized and strife is inexorably on the horizon. Aggression and provocation are now imposed from the top. This is a new era in world politics: the rule of illiberal demagogues. Its rise has endless roots, first and foremost the failure of globalization itself. In America, however, the problem is worse. It goes deeper. It bears witness to a society that is deeply entrenched in conflicts which if unresolved can darken the horizon for all seven billion of us. “It is the last cry of a dying class of rulers who controlled the past few centuries but have surpassed their zenith.” First of all, America has always been a country of immigration. Innovators and free thinkers fleeing repression and war built this country and every day contribute to its status at the top of the world economic order. This concept is under attack. Whether or not the United States were designed as a white-man’s land does not matter; it is not now! There is a demographic shift ending white majorities in the nation. Accepting this is hard for this previously secure group who by virtue of their race and nationality and a certain amount of hard work could achieve a standard of life unchallenged in most parts of the globe. This ideal is changing through pressures from formerly repressed minorities in the country and by globalization and the uplifting of large swaths of middle classes in developing nations. The new president stands for the death-breath of white male supremacy in the world. It is the last cry of a dying class of rulers who controlled the past few centuries but have surpassed their zenith. But will they go peacefully? Their way to stop the trend is to build a wall stopping ‘rapists’. This approach is ludicrous. Building walls is as effective as restrictive drug policies: as prohibition did in the past, it encourages illegality. Just like the walls in Berlin and Palestine, this one will be a monument to institutional doom and repression earning America more rejection in the world. It will lead to deaths. It will lead to misery. Most of all, it will not solve the problems of immigration and crime. They have much deeper roots than the nation’s favorite demagogue tells people. The failed war on drugs directly creates the crime and outrageous poverty in Central America that drive immigration. It is also a tool for persisting discrimination against black people in its third reincarnation: Post-slavery, post-Jim Crow, it is now the Prison-Industrial Complex, racist policing and drug legislation repressing and killing African Americans even as one of their own sits out his second term as President. “The Prison-Industrial Complex” Great Again? It never existed. White America has certainly seen better days at the expense of all other groups in society. Yet it is today’s America that allows abortion and same-sex marriage, that provides opportunities for more female, black, Latino and disabled children than any before. From January 20, we will move away again from equality and freedoms, daily reminded by the misogynist, xenophobic and hateful bigot ripping the nation apart from the top. We will see sectarianism and political polarization driven to the extremes as he curbs his way around the judicial and legislative bastions of the republic. This is the dystopia we shall come to expect. Worst of all, this businessman is racing towards the destruction of America’s central prowess securing its importance in the world: competitive advantage in a free trade system. When you know you are the best and you convince the rest of the actors to contend on an even playing field, then what do you have to lose? When you eliminate this playing field, you step into a minefield of trade wars and barriers that the authoritarian power players of this world know better than the profit-driven kings of capitalism in Wall Street and Silicon Valley. Isolation and cooperation with strongmen is not this country’s creed. Could it be its downfall? November 8, 2016 marks a victory for an America of hate. Hate is the only ideology the millions of perceived losers of globalization, modernization and equality can cling on to. Hate makes them feel stronger again. This America is built on the premises of difference and conflict. It celebrates an anachronistic amendment that manifests a dysfunctional constitution. It denies global warming because it is blended by the heat of its own irrational radicalization. It shuns free media and science to glorify propagandistic ‘balances’ that trample on fundamental values of progressive society. Finally, it has elevated showmasters to power to put reality into their right image. Organisms are powerful in their final moments before death. White power’s last breath is long and full of hate. It must not poison the world around it. Even when it is blowing straight in your face, do not hesitate. Take a step forward. Face the problem. Tackle it. Remove its source and the breeze of destruction will cease. There is a broad coalition of proud Americans who will unrelentingly fight for their rights and futures. Join them. Build a movement. Hate is in the halls of power. Spread compassion and resilience in the community centers, churches and parks, the cafes, schools and offices, and most importantly in the hearts of this nation’s great people. Build a plurality for reason and love. Show the dark shadows of today that tomorrow is full of color and joy. Fight for this and keep it enshrined in your conscience. This is not a downfall; it is a stepping stone. The beautiful America needs to get back up on its feet quickly and lose the strings of disunity holding it back. It must take a decisive step to brush hate aside and find the right path again. I believe in it.
 BERLIN – On Tuesday October 4, members of the Class of 2019 gathered at Betahaus, a cafe and co-working space, for MiCo Launch day where students pitch their MiCo group to introduce, update, and recruit new members for the group’s endeavor. MiCo stands for “Minerva Community” which are gatherings of students who share similar interests and want to explore those interests together. After a brief “getting-to-know-you” exercise, students settled in to hear the MiCo pitches. Plenty of old favorites were represented: MetaMorph, MORE, The Minerva Explorer and The Minerva Quest, MiCo Jordan, MiCommunicate, Write Night, with a few new groups thrown into the mix, including SciCo, a MiCo for students interested in delving deep into scientific journal articles. In total seven MiCos pitched, six of which are continuations of MiCos started during Foundation Year 2015-2016 or before. Some MiCos, including MiBo (Minerva Body), are active in Berlin but did not pitch at the Launch Day. The event marked the first transfer of customs from one city to the next. Lucian Cosinchi, Director of Student Experience in Berlin, expressed that it felt much like “finding each other,” coming through the discomfort and disorientation of moving to a new city and recognizing the first signs of familiarity. When asked to reflect on MiCo Launch day Class of 2019 student Fabiola Aurore said, “It reminded me why our community’s experiences involve collective choice — an intentional choice to invest time and effort into things we are interested in and share them with others, for the benefit of everyone.” It will be some time before the community can gauge if MiCo life has transitioned successfully from San Francisco to Berlin, but the high rate of MiCo continuation from Foundation Year 2015-2016 may be taken as a good sign. For questions regarding the Berlin MiCo community or for help starting a new MiCo, contact Berlin’s Director of Student Experience: [email protected] List of Micos that presented in Berlin 2016 include:   Berlin Contact 
 SF Contact   [email protected] 
   
 MiCo_Jordan  [email protected]  [email protected] 
 NA 
 MetaMorph  [email protected]  [email protected] [email protected] 
 [email protected] 
 Write Night [email protected] [email protected] 
 SciCo r[email protected] [email protected] [email protected]  
 [email protected] 
 [email protected] [email protected] NA 
 [email protected]
 BERLIN – September 2016 marked yet another milestone for Minerva as the Class of 2020 was welcomed in San Francisco, and the Class of 2019 began the Direction Year courses in Minerva’s second city: Berlin. After two years solely in San Francisco, the Founding Class and the Inaugural Class have combined to form the Class of 2019, which is now spending the Fall semester in Berlin and will spend the Spring semester in Buenos Aires. Numerous changes and new difficulties faced students as they arrived in Berlin. In San Francisco, students live in dorm style residences, whereas in Berlin students are in apartments of three people. This has changed the way students interact with their cohort and poses new challenges for how to foster community engagement. It has also included new perks, such as one kitchen for each apartment, removing some of the difficulties of sharing a common kitchen for the entire class. “Our second year has truly started off with a bang. Getting to know Berlin, getting bikes and flying through the streets have kicked off my first international experience with Minerva so well. Berlin is an interesting city and holds so much to be explored and I’m so excited to go out and see it,” shares Zachary Witzel, Class of 2019 student. The infrastructure for internet is another stark contrast between San Francisco and Berlin. San Francisco, as host to Silicon Valley and a global tech capital, has seemingly endless Wifi options, allowing students to take class from many locations throughout the city. Berlin has less internet infrastructure which has posed a challenge for Minerva students. Wifi is poor in many places in Berlin and cafes often do not allow computers during the lunch hours, which can restrict students to their apartments for taking class. While for some this appears a setback compared to the ease of finding internet connection in San Francisco, for others it has resulted in students making other time to explore the city. This exploration has included weekend trips to different neighbourhoods, and hiking excursions organized by MORE (Minerva’s Outdoor Recreation Exploration) and individual students. Unlike the Foundation Year when students all take the same courses, during the Direction Year students take courses in two or more (depending on the major) of the five colleges: Arts and Humanities, Computational Sciences, Natural Sciences, Business, and Social Sciences. The Direction Year courses feed into student’s’ major and concentration choices in the third and fourth years. This change in course offerings puts students on different academic schedules, with classes anytime between 1:00 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday, up to four total courses per semester and eight class sessions per week. “Academically this year has been a huge improvement from last year. To be blunt, I did not learn that much from the cornerstones. However the classes I’m currently in have surpassed my expectations. They are more advanced, more interesting, and far more formative than last year. I’m so excited for the next, and last, two months to come in Berlin, and for the next five semesters that await,” says Witzel.
 This is a foreigner’s personal experience and comment regarding the third presidential debate between Secretary Hillary Clinton and Mr Donald Trump on October 19, 2016, at the University of Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. It is the third part of a series covering the U.S. election from the viewpoint of a German freshman at Minerva Schools at KGI who has recently moved to California. Read the first two parts, My New Favorite Horror Movie and An Awful Sequel.  This is the debate no one was really waiting for anymore. Professional Quarrelling 3.0. Step in, step in, Las Vegas invites you! The ultimate political reality show has finally found its true home. I am on the road this time, earplugs in, phone live streaming, riding the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) back into the city. I am coming from San Jose Airport and a trip outside of the country. I dread the welcome show but as it turns out, I have underestimated the two protagonists. Finally, they deliver a debate that is worthy of the name. What’s more, I get to look into the faces of the people whose lives will bear the fruits of the policies discussed, of the decisions taken by whoever can convince this multicultural mix of citizens currently so disunited. The start is promising. My German nature yearning for respect and order is exhilarated by the reserved frankness of the extraordinary moderator. Kudos, Mr Wallace, you have tamed the beasts! He organizes and introduces ideas. We know what they are talking about. And the best part? They have to follow the rules. For now. The first round is on the Constitution, the Supreme Court, and the gun debate — highly controversial topics — yet they stay calm and civilized; an unpredicted revelation of seriousness. No one gets loud or makes wild gestures. They try to make logical arguments and don’t interrupt each other. Even in the morally complicated, intrinsically emotional debate about abortion, the peace persists. They make their points. They know their facts. They tell stories. It’s almost enjoyable. As the incredible unfolds, I look around and think about whose story they are quoting right now. Is anyone on this train the brother of an immigrant or the sister of a woman who got an abortion? Who would they vote for? Would they get deported or put into prison by Trump’s horrific policies? The debate is good. But the fear persists. Immigration gets them off the rails a little bit. Quite literally, builds a wall between them and rationality again. Then Clinton starts on Russia. Trump can be scary, but she gets vicious when it comes to Russia. Wallace tries to interfere but it goes down the drain. Shouting and wrong points about shooting and strong men. Facts? Not sure. Hope? Tumbling. Luckily, they turn to the economy and Wallace is back in control. It is almost boring. The same old arguments we have been hearing for months. But this is great. We talk about politics, finally. Whether it makes sense or not; I don’t even care at this point. The political situation is still dim, polarized and uncertain but these two individuals for once look like they want to do something for the populace. It’s not a game or movie; not just entertainment anymore. You could almost call it a Presidential Debate instead of Presidential sand box play. Trump talks about a jobs report as I step out of the station and stare at the homeless: is he right? The country may not be in the greatest state. But then he starts blaming Clinton for violence and his abuses and she looks hurt. Hurt by the ridiculousness of his statements and aggressions. And the laughs of disbelief when he says ‘nobody has more respect for women than me’ are witness to the disaster he would be as a President. When comical relief is the sole reaction imaginable, reason has faded. Nevertheless, it is not the debate that casts doubt on the candidates this time. They perform better. I may not agree with many of their arguments, but then, their policies are not the problem. The second part of the debate brings out the personal deficiencies of the candidates. They rattle on about their philanthropic foundations with personal attacks and saddeningly feasible accusations. Neither seems beyond criticism at this point. Then Trump drops the bomb. ‘I’ll look at it at the time… It’s rigged… I’ll keep you in suspense.’ He is talking about nothing less than the crucial democratic principle of accepting the election result. And Hillary is right: ‘This is HORRIFYING.’ It is a stab at the heart of America’s democracy. The rest of the debate is a haze – an informed, sometimes confrontational exchange between two politicians who may do good or not in International politics, debt and jobs. They may succeed or fail in convincing parts of the populace. But it does not matter. The take-away, to me, is clear. The debate was better this time. But this just makes the situation even more scary. It is not the talk style anymore, not the policies, it is the direct threat to one of the greatest and longest-lasting stable democracies on the planet. Trump is a menace to the rights and peace of the people I see walking around the street. I believe these people and their country are better than that. My two months here have shown me a divided and struggling but determined and resilient country. It cannot fall into chaos. I believe it will uphold its values and democratic tradition. But I am not looking forward to election night. It is a dull, fearful mood dampening the excitement of experiencing a great day celebrating the people’s choice of guiding their country’s role in the coming years. I arrive home and dusk is setting in on San Francisco. Walking past TV screens with the debate highlights, I reflect. Three debates, disheartening and scary, each in their own way, have not convinced me that this country and its leaders know where they are headed. I see the people walking by, the cars rushing down the street, the neon signs of the stores and of the Twitter and Uber headquarters across the street. And I look to my side, to the homeless roaming around in drags. I have faith in this country but this is a warning, America: dusk is falling. On this city and on your democracy. If you do not rise up to this challenge and make sure the sun shines bright on all parts of your nation, beware. The night could be long and fearful.
 This is the second part of a three-part series on a foreigner’s experience of the presidential debates in the 2016 U.S. election. The first part was My New Favorite Horror Movie. This piece covers the second U.S. presidential debate which took place on October 09, 2016 at Washington University in St Louis, Missouri. This horror movie is getting scary. Firstly, there are people up in the fourth floor of the Minerva residence watching with me. No one makes bets about the candidates this time. Talk is serious and focused on one topic: Trump’s scandals. Even before the debate most people agree that he has already lost. This will be his ultimate reckoning. His party is abandoning him. The anti-Trump Minerva crowd is anticipating a carnage of the man who should never have been here. Then the debate starts. It is a carnage. Last time I thought it could be cultural differences; that something is wrong with the political discourse in this country. Even if that is the case though, this debate goes beyond. I drew comparisons to my pre-teen childhood in the last debate. Now, I wonder if this is kindergarten or gangster talk, the articulation level of kids barely able to talk and the viciousness of thug attack techniques (with no disrespect to thugs here, at least they do not try to sell people that they are apt to be president). From Trump’s side, this is not politics. It is a random accumulation of insults and threats and it is scary. He starts talking about putting her in jail. It is an open fight; rules are broken, trampled upon. His blames become senseless. ‘She has fought ISIS her entire adult life’ — um what?! Naturally, his aggressive attacks push Hillary into a defensive tone. I do not see, as the rational, respect-expectant German, how one could react differently. She tries to counterattack but it is hard to stay within bounds against such an opponent. So to me the most disturbing aspect — the one which really gets under my skin — is that many will later say he succeeded. The thug techniques earn the kindergarten bully more praise than the self-conscious nerd. This is not to say that it is all his fault. They both show weaknesses on foreign policy. He seemingly accepts the impending annihilation of 250,000 people in Aleppo. She gets caught up in recurring aggressions towards Russia, almost lowering her arguments to his level. Only for brief instances, she tries to get the debate back on track and talks about issues and solutions. The moderators do not help in that endeavor either. They attack Trump directly; often distract from topics with personal questions. When Trump declares a ‘one on three’ (him against Hillary and the two moderators), I do not think he is too far off. On the other hand, I cannot really blame the moderators after enduring his arguments. It is a mess. A mess that ‘the Donald’ can sell well: a disoriented America with a rigged media apparatus under the auspices of a greedy political elite. The atmosphere is tense until the end. My emotions switch back and forth from ridicule to fear and shock. I honestly think the man would end American democracy as we know it. He is a monster. The problem is, Hillary shows she does not fully believe in that democracy either. I am flabbergasted. The Democratic candidate praises how in the (brilliant) movie Lincoln, the famous former U.S. President achieves the passing of the crucial 13th amendment to abolish slavery by blatant corruption. Good cause, wrong measures. This plays into fears that Trump and the right wing create about Clinton pushing through her agenda without consideration for the people or due process. She fights for the right causes but lacks the passion for democratic values. I do not insinuate this. But neither am I fully convinced of her righteousness if she makes such references. The fear of disaster keeps creeping in. At last, the saving sentence. Audience member Karl Becker asks the question of the night. He gives us light in the darkness, showing that this country has reasonable people with reasonable thoughts. ‘What do you respect in your fellow candidate?’ Hillary’s sneaky compliment about Trump’s children, cleverly tied to her own agenda shows her hawkishness but evades showing humanity. Meanwhile, Trump’s praise of her resilience prompts a surprised ‘That was human!’ in our audience; a glimpse that not all hope is lost. Was this the awful sequel in a typical trilogy and are we to expect a happy ending? I am not convinced. I do hope it is not like the Star Wars prequel series. America, do not let the dark side win! A third piece about the third and last presidential debate on October 19, 2016 at University of Las Vegas, Nevada, will follow. “Like” the Minerva Quest on Facebook or follow us on Twitter to be notified of additions to this series.
 Robert Allen Zimmerman, born May 24, 1941, burst onto the burgeoning counter-culture music scene of New York’s Greenwich Village in 1961.  Hailed as a voice of his generation and as having “created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition,” according to the Nobel committee, Bob Dylan is cemented not only as a rock-and-roll legend but also a cultural touchstone. But is his work a touchstone of the literary canon? The Nobel Prize in Literature, awarded to him in a controversial move, was announced by Sara Danius, Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, on Thursday, October 13.  More than having merely “created new poetic expressions,” the controversy arising from Dylan’s award seems to stem from a greater subversion of forms: those that dictate “high” and “low” art. What won Dylan his Nobel Prize? His deep, probing song lyrics? His warmly received book of prose poetry? His autobiography? Or perhaps his notably ambiguous–even comical–interview responses from the 60s, in which he confounds audiences of dutifully sycophantic and reverential followers of Dylan, who is to the hippies and beats of leftist America a god-figure? We cannot know for sure. Dylan, a musician and perhaps an occupational poet, has amassed an oeuvre transcending a mere collection of poems. And of the 60s songwriting pioneers, only The Doors frontman Jim Morrison called himself a poet. In an early interview, Dylan, on the other hand, when asked, “whether he considered himself primarily a musician or a poet,” replied: “I think of myself more of a song-and-dance man.” Bob Dylan has always been terse and enigmatic. If there is poetry to found and examined in his song lyrics, it is for us to find–and the Nobel committee has made its stance clear on the issue. Our culture’s ideas of high and low art, of art and entertainment, of profundity and of noise are evolving, seeking out new forms of expression and including more voices.  To quote a famous poet, “the times, they are a-changin.”  
 SAN FRANCISCO – On April 5, Minerva hosted a sexual education workshop for a group of Minerva students. The workshop was led by Minerva’s Dr. James Lyda and guest instructor Robin Mills, a sex educator from UC Berkeley who focuses on teaching peers how to support each other. The conversation focused on different means of contraception that can be used to make  sex safer. Mills made sure to outline the benefits, risks, and proper usage of different forms of hormonal and nonhormonal contraceptives. “I think it was wonderful to have a sex ed discussion and presentation for students, especially coming from a diverse community where knowledge in this area varies. A lot of the topics covered are incredibly important, but I firmly believe this should have been done at the beginning of the year and with required attendance by all students,” said Inaugural Class student Colette Brown commenting on the workshop. Students asked questions regarding the cost of different contraceptive methods.Cost, , along with the availability, is likely to vary depending on what city cohorts are in. Questions about the way  students talk about sex among themselves, and appropriate behaviour for handling this, often times, sensitive subject were also raised. At the end of the workshop participants identified elements of healthy, unhealthy, and abusive relationships in order to understand what the warning signs are both in their own relationships and in those of their friends. The workshop was conducted on a small scale with only 20 students in order to gauge the effectiveness. Following this workshop, there is a plan to conduct a larger scale version for the entire student body next year. Whether that will apply to cohorts in both San Francisco and Berlin is yet to be specified. Information about where to go in order to obtain contraceptives, or in emergency situations in San Francisco will soon be added to the Hub (the internal Minerva Student Intranet), and will be updated to include information relevant to the other six cities where student cohorts will live.
 SAN FRANCISCO – In September 2015, the San Francisco Minerva residence hall acquired two large, green compost bins to help reduce organic waste in the kitchen. Six months after their introduction, it is clear the compost bins are rarely used for their intended purposes. The green bins, located in two areas of the kitchen, are often filled with plastic and other synthetic waste. This waste should be disposed of  in the grey garbage bins – also located in different areas of the kitchen. Synthetic waste- wax coated paper, plastic bags, tin foil, saran-wrap, bones – does not decompose at a rate fast enough to be turned into compost. When synthetic waste is mixed in with compostable waste, the bags are often transferred to a regular garbage disposal facility and waste that could have been composted is not. Furthermore, biodegradable plastic bags are not compostable. While they break down faster than other bags – many of which do not break down at all, they do not degrade at the necessary rate to be composted. Green compost bins can be used for all non-cooked food waste, specifically fruits and vegetables, with the exception of meat and shellfish. Additionally, non-wax coated paper packaging for foods, such as muffin papers can be disposed of in the compost bins. Taking the time to make sure that the correct waste is being disposed of in the correct places is a simple way to help the environment.
 Get to know staff member Laurence Favrot, a product manager at Minerva. Learn about where he came from and how arrived at Minerva. In addition, find out about the parts of his life he is proud of, and some of his crazy adventures. Q: Who are you?  A: My name is Laurence Favrot. I graduated from Harvard in 2007 with a degree in Computer Science. I’ve worked in all sorts of jobs – everything from parking cars as a valet to working at Microsoft, as a Product Manager on Yammer. Q:  What is your role at Minerva?  A: I’m a Product Manager for the Schools’ [product] team. I make sure we are prioritizing and working on the right thing. Essentially, it’s my job to make decisions under extreme uncertainty. Every day I have to answer the question: “are we working on the right thing right now?” My primary responsibilities are to plan and spec what we work on next, support our engineers and designers, and fill in the cracks by doing whatever isn’t being done by someone else. Q: Where are you from? Where do you currently live?  A: I was born and raised in San Diego, CA but now I live in Hayes Valley in San Francisco. Q: When did you start working at the Minerva project? A: I started at the end of July, 2015. I’m a newbie. Q: How did you find out about Minerva and what drew you to it? A: I’d known about Minerva since soon after its inception. I was extremely dissatisfied with my educational experience and had spent several years trying to find the biggest lever to improve the system. As a result, I kept up with the news from the edtech world. From its earliest descriptions, Minerva sounded like my dream. However, I never believed I’d have the chance to work there so I didn’t even apply. Instead I ended up working at a few (now failed) startups and almost giving up on ever pursuing my ideas around education. As for how I actually got to Minerva… I had known Gene (an engineer at Minerva) for about a year thanks to working out at the same CrossFit gym (CrossFit Alinea). At my birthday party, he casually mentioned that he worked at Minerva. I think I might have freaked him out by rattling off everything I knew about the organization. He said something like “you know more about Minerva than I do!” A few days later, he invited me over to Minerva for lunch and the rest is history. Q: How do you find your job? (are you liking it?) and if so, what is your favorite part about your job? A: I’m extremely lucky to work here. The best part of working at Minerva is the opportunity to solve hard problems with smart, genuine people. I love learning, as well, and I can’t imagine a better place for that. Q: What are your goals/aspirations for Minerva Schools? A: My goal is to help build an enduring institution that is dedicated to cutting edge pedagogy. Ideas like a curriculum based around core concepts (i.e. the HCs) are precious. They don’t thrive unless tended to with care. It’s our responsibility to tend to those ideas. Q: What is the most embarrassing moment of your life? (preferably college moments) A: You realize I work here right…? Q: What is the happiest moment of your life? A: I particularly enjoy calm mornings. Any morning that holds the promise of whatever I wish to pursue is the happiest moment of my life – especially when I get to share it with my fiancée and cat. Q: What countries have you been to? What was the weirdest thing that you encountered in one of these countries? A: I’ve been to 20-ish countries. The two strangest moments I’ve had traveling are: Q:  What is the strangest thing you’ve eaten? A: This may be a tie between fried mealworms, cow stomachs (there are several, remember), and American cheese (what the heck *IS* it?) Q: What is one habit you’re really proud of? A: I cook a full breakfast for myself every day.
 SAN FRANCISCO – On Thursday the 11th of February 2016 the Minerva Chief Student Affairs Officer Teri Cannon met with several students at the San Francisco residence hall to address issues with the kitchen. The purpose of this meeting was to brainstorm ways to encourage students to maintain healthy diets. This was the first multi-student meeting around the kitchen this year, following earlier attempts by several Founding Class students to improve the space. Attendees included the most frequent kitchen users, including the students: Ben Imadali, Audrey Tu, Evanes Nguyen, Guy Davidson, and Mai Amit. The students first highlighted the main concerns, either around student responsibility (students don’t clean up after themselves, they don’t properly use kitchen appliances and return items to the kitchen, they don’t recycle properly) and organizational issues (the lack of sufficient basic supplies like dish towels and sponges). The task force then discussed solutions including: developing a volunteer system for monitoring the kitchen and teaching peers proper kitchen usage techniques, improving signage, holding sessions on how to clean dishes, ensuring a continuous supply of basic resources, and holding a defined period for students to return dishes to the kitchen from their rooms. Additionally, ideas surrounding longer-term solutions to be implemented in the next school year were discussed. Such ideas include selling packages with essential kitchen supplies at the beginning of the year, labeling personal dishes, and providing training on recycling and cleaning techniques during Foundation Week. Though no date was set for a next assembling, Cannon compiled minutes from the meeting and the task force will be continuing to improve the space and student nutrition in the coming week. If you have ideas for kitchen improvements, email us at [email protected]
 SEOUL— On Wednesday, November 1, 2017, the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) will launch the revamped working groups for the full academic year. The Quest talked to Alberto Martinez de Arenaza, one of the three ASM representatives for the Class of 2019, to learn about how the new working groups function. Here is what you need to know. A working group is just that: a group of students working on a topic or initiative on which they can rally around and push for changes. Importantly, working groups have more power than any random student initiative. They work with the administration and will aim to be part of Minerva’s decision-making process on issues from academics, to student experience, to organizing large Minerva events. As you may know from here and here, communication about issues in the Minerva community is not ideal. Working groups are one attempt to solve this. If students care about their academics and college experience, and if they have ideas, working groups can be a ‘booster’ for their ideas, as Martinez de Arenaza puts it. The voice will be heard by the administration, and concerns or ideas can be discussed with other interested students and staff to turn the ideas into solutions for the issues that are important to students. Working groups are useful for both students and the administration. The ASM reports that Minerva staff like this unified forum for communication and discussion and that they respect it more than other types of student feedback. The ASM hopes that, over time, working groups will naturally evolve into a necessary and formal part of the Minerva decision-making work flow, so that student input occurs before implementation of ideas, not as powerless feedback afterwards that is less easily incorporated into Minerva’s processes. Working groups this year are designed to be entirely bottom-up. The ASM will suggest a few groups, namely for academics, student experience, work study, community inclusion, health (mental and physical) and housing. However, students will have to take the lead and form the groups, and the ASM also encourages students to form groups on other topics they care about. To lead one of the suggested or potentially new working groups, a student must register the working group on or before Wednesday, November 1, 2017, and present the group at the launch event hosted in Seoul. If no one steps up to be the lead, the working group will not exist. The student lead will be paired with an ASM representative to initiate the launch of the working group. The leads will be important for the launch, but will have no other leadership responsibilities as the working group should move forward as a unit from there onwards. The lead will help with organization, but is not supposed to be the only driving force of the group. The frequency of meeting and the amount of invested effort in each group will rely entirely upon the group members and which topic they choose. For example, an SXP group may meet only monthly to reflect on events and discuss new long-term ideas, while a group focused on immediate improvement of a certain course (such as the Capstone!) could meet frequently and work intensely, but then dissolve as soon as the curriculum is improved. The ASM will send out communications about student government for the Class of 2021 and their participation in working groups soon. In general, some of the topics like work study or university-wide academic policies concern everyone and M’21 students could therefore help the related groups. For more city- and class-based issues, working groups unique to the classes will be more practical.
 This letter to the editor was written in response to the Minerva Quest’s recent op-ed regarding the October 1 Las Vegas shooting. It seems that each time an incident of mass violence occurs in the United States, the debate over gun ownership comes roaring back to the fore of public discourse. There seem to be three main camps. Urban, liberal, and coastal Americans are generally pro-gun regulation. Rural, conservative, and middle Americans tend to support gun rights. The third group is of course Europeans, who obviously see the right path, agree with the pro-gun regulation crowd, and feel the need to impress their views on others. Each time I hear the harmonious cacophony of shaming erupt, I can’t help but sigh. All this emotion is short-lived, hyper-focused, and to be perfectly frank, myopic. In the great mire that is American gun violence, mass shootings are merely the most widely publicized instances. Focusing efforts on assault weapons seems to forget the realities of gun violence in America. It forgets the vast majority of victims. It’s an outrage that all this money, time, and anger is being directed at trying to save a small minority of victims, while the rest have passed without nary a second thought from these self-righteous, self-appointed saviors of America. Since the word statistics keeps coming up,—“I am not being pessimistic about this matter, just relying on statistics”—why don’t we discuss some actual statistics instead of emotionalized, cherry-picked examples? There were 36,252 Americans killed by guns in 2015, according to Everytown for Gun Safety. Of these, 22,018 were suicides (60.7%). Of the remainder, 1,255 (3.5%) were either unintentional, legal intervention, or of undetermined intent. That leaves 12,979 (35.8%) of gun deaths as homicides. Of that group, 268 (2.1% of homicides) more were justifiable homicides by private citizens. That leaves us with approximately 12,711 felonious homicides from firearms in 2015. Of these 12,711 felonious homicides, 1,134 (8.7% of homicides, 3.1% of gun deaths)  were victims of mass shootings, according to the Guardian. In a world of unlimited needs and scarce resources, it seems like the bulk of America’s gun death problem may be somewhere other than mass shootings. That is not to say at all that these deaths do not matter and that there isn’t a problem. I’m merely advocating for focusing our limited resources on the larger problem. This same misguided effort is also true in the types of weapons that activists wish to regulate. Of the 9,616 deaths that the FBI attributes to firearm homicides in the US in 2015, 6,447 (67%) were committed with handguns. 252 (2.6%) were committed with rifles (What assault weapons are classified as), 269 (2.8%) with shotguns, 171 (1.8%) with other guns, and 2,477 (25.7%) with the type of gun not stated. It seems reasonable to distribute these out roughly equally to each gun class based on its prior share, which would make handguns the weapon of choice in the vast majority of homicides committed with firearms. To put a final, horrific, exclamation point to my befuddlement of mass shooting emphasis is the huge racial and gender disparity in the victims of homicide in general, and transitively, gun violence. I will simply let the data speak for itself. If you truly want to decrease gun violence in America, you should not focus your efforts on limiting the sale of “assault-style” weapons. You should not sign asinine, feel-good pledges, or encourage non-Americans on what to do or “Tag your American friends in the comments and hold them accountable for taking action.” You should not make uninformed statements like “We need to regulate who has access to the semi-automatic weapons used in warfare.” This is myopic and provides ammunition to opponents of all gun regulation that you don’t know what you’re talking about. Assault-style rifles sold to civilians and assault rifles and carbines used in the military aren’t comparable. The military generally has select fire capability for semi-auto, burst, and full-auto while consumer models must only have semi-automatic. Attacking rifles is pyrrhic. It may take the scary black guns away but won’t end even a small portion of the bloodshed. With these statistics in mind, a few courses of action seem most likely to be effective. The first is to rigorously enforce the background check laws we have already. In 1999, the ATF (U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives) released a report stating that “that 0.4% of federally licensed dealers sold half of the guns used criminally in 1996 and 1997”. These problem gun dealers need to be investigated and stripped of their licenses. Secondly, supporting legislation that increases safety training and makes it harder to buy handguns seems like it could help reduce handgun violence. Banning bump stocks would prevent people from turning semi-automatic weapons into virtually automatic weapons. Finally, we need to support gun buyback programs at the local level to help bring guns off the street. These (street) guns were obtained illegally, and make up the vast majority of crime committed with guns. A mere 18% of guns used in crimes that were recovered in 1998 were still with their original and legal owner, according to Youth Crime Gun Interdiction Initiative. So let us not cry out in fear, misuse statistics, and rage blindly at the wrong problems, but rather take careful, thoughtful, and impactful action to address the root of the vast majority of gun violence in America. For further reference, please see these tables. Anonymity Policy: The Minerva Quest permits the publication of anonymous articles, but not anonymous submissions. Any Minerva student, staff, or faculty member may submit an article for anonymous publication via our online submission form. Submission does not guarantee publication and the Minerva Quest retains the right to refuse publication of any article.
 Three nights ago, at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, 59 people were killed and at least 527 injured in the deadliest mass shooting in American history. To put these numbers into perspective; 59 people is 51% of M2019, 38% of M2020, and 29% of M2021; 59 is the number of people who were senselessly killed. Following this spiteful rampage, 527 people are injured. There are only 468 students currently enrolled in Minerva. More people were injured in this attack than there are students at our university. How many bullets would it take to kill and injure this many people? How many people does it take to kill and injure this many people? Just one. A music festival is supposed to be fun, not deadly. Why does America continue to experience these massacres? Does our country not check our Facebook feeds for our condolence posts? Are our thoughts and prayers not enough to stop the bloodshed? No, thoughts and prayers will never be enough. The only thing that thoughts and prayers will do is make ourselves feel better when these massacres take place in our very own schools, movie theatres, nightclubs, and now music festivals. Unfortunately, our well-intentioned thoughts and prayers are doing nothing to help the victims, families, and even shooters of these massacres;  convincing ourselves that what our country is experiencing can be consoled with internal reflection and hope for better. One day after the massacre, President Donald Trump tweeted, “My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!” Now, I am not here to critique President Trump’s social media presence, but merely to point out that even our nation’s president is simply sending thoughts and prayers, “condolences and sympathies.” Although well intentioned, I’m sorry to tell you Mr. Trump that condolences will not stop the next mass shooting. And unfortunately, there will be a next one. I am not being pessimistic about this matter, just relying on statistics: There was another massacre after 13 were killed and 24 injured in Columbine, Colorado in 1999. There was another massacre after 32 were killed and 17 injured in Blacksburg, Virginia in 2007. There was another massacre after 12 were killed and 58 injured in Aurora, Colorado in 2012. There was another massacre after 27 were killed and 1 injured in Newtown, Connecticut in 2012, and 14 were killed and 22 injured in San Bernardino, California, and 49 were killed and 58 injured in Orlando, Florida. This is nowhere near a comprehensive list of all the mass shootings the United States has seen, remember that. All of these massacres have one thing in common: we have given our “condolences and sympathies” to the victims, the injured, and families involved. Did that change anything? Considering massacres keep happening, I think it’s safe to say NO. If our thoughts and prayers are not making a change, what will? Time and time again we pray, hope, and wish for no  more innocent people to be shot to death by some deranged person who fell off their rocker. We have wished this 131 times in the last 50 years, if you only count the shootings where four or more people were killed at once. When will we actually do something about mass shootings? At what point will we reach a tipping point? What will change the trajectory of American mass shootings? Policy change. Calling for a denouncement of the Second Amendment is not the answer. Regulation is. We need to regulate who has access to the semi-automatic weapons used in warfare. Congress just introduced a bill called “Concealed Carry Reciprocity” that would permit all 50 states to allow known stalkers, domestic abusers, the blind, and more to carry loaded guns—in public—with no safety training. Simply click on this link to oppose the bill. A civilian does not need to be able to fire 700 rounds a minute. Our country can no longer tolerate these senseless killings. Call your senators. Email your senators. Insist that you want universal background checks for those purchasing assault weapons. Demand they impose a minimum age limit of 21 for firearms of any purpose. Expect a ban on the possession of weapons by anyone subject to a domestic violence protection order. Promote safe storage of firearms to prevent accidental deaths. Don’t know who your representative is? Find out here. Want to send postal mail to your senators? Learn more here. Ready to call, email, or learn addresses? Locate here. When spreading information about mass shootings, refuse to share the name of the perpetuator. The “Don’t Name Them” campaign is encouraging media, law enforcement, and public information officers to move the focus from the shooters to the victims and heroes. The campaign recognizes that some shooters are motivated by a desire for recognition, and that the public cannot always put names to the victims, or the heroes, involved. Let’s call for media that highlights the victims, survivors, and heroes. Learn more here. I’m glad you asked. Sign a letter of condolence to the city of Las Vegas here. Tag your American friends in the comments and hold them accountable for taking action. I encourage you to screenshot any email you send or call you make to Congress, and send pictures of your letters of condolence. If everyone in our community does just one of these actions, we will have sent 468 emails to congress; put 468 signatures on petitions and letters of condolence. If we each send two, that’s more emails to congress, signatures, and letters of condolence than there were victims. We, as a community, have the power to make a change. Let us offer our condolences and sympathies, but let us also take action.
 The recent weeks have brought over the world what, in ancient cultures, might have been considered the wrath of the Gods. Nowadays, we call it the wrath of human-induced climate change. Hurricanes leaving entire islands in the Caribbean flattened, causing billions of dollars in damage to major U.S. cities, floods and landslides are killing hundreds of people in South Asia and burying more than a thousand people in Sierra Leone. These catastrophes pose a major threat–to those affected. What is missing in the general debate about the effects of climate change is a rational consideration of those really suffering. These storms, floods and landslides are examples of extreme weather events brought on by global warming. They are terrible, but mostly for poor people without the resources to rebuild or effective government regulation and services, nor insurance protecting their lives and livelihoods. Climate change is thereby driving a further increase in the gap between rich and poor, both between nations and between groups within nations. This impact will continue, regardless of whether we turn back current climate trends or not. Many scientists in the field talk about this being the Anthropocene–a geological age in Earth history where biological and geological processes on our planet are strongly shaped by human action. In such an age, we can make changes to our interactions with other forms of life on Earth to address challenges facing the entire world in the long term. Recent efforts like the Paris Agreement are aiming towards this, most notably with the goal of limiting global warming to two degrees Celsius compared to pre-Industrial levels. Developments in sustainable energy solutions as well as water, forest or soil use also help limiting negative human impact on the natural wonders of this world. But much damage is already done. The recent catastrophes should be a wake-up call. Action on the climate is happening but it will not be fast enough. Buried under the mantle of discussion about effects on nature the international community has ignored that millions of people already suffer from more extreme weather patterns and events. They are sometimes related–like deforestation leading to erosion, leading to landslides, leading to human deaths. However, many changes to nature have already taken place and we can no longer stop them from affecting us. We can still change the impact of climate disasters on society. A first step could be to recognise climate change as a valid reason for migration under the Geneva Convention. Climate refugees will become an ever more significant issue: New Zealand and Australia already face requests from Pacific Islanders to resettle as the ocean takes over their island states. Droughts and related famines are increasingly causing migration and are even considered to be part of the factors underlying the Arab Spring. Humanity caused climate change, it must also take care of its most affected members. This would have to be accompanied by clear measures to determine whether climate change indeed caused the inability of continued habitation of a place and therefore warrants migration. While developed countries will likely not be partial to this, they should be aware that climate change is a ticking time bomb of inevitable illegal migration that could more easily be dealt with using clear international standards and relocation programs. Wealthy nations will have to accept a legal framework or the death of thousands on rich nations’ doorsteps that will delegitimize the morality of Western-imposed standards and their acceptance in the world. Second, culprits for climate change should not not just pay reparations for obvious mistakes–think BP for Deepwater Horizon–but also into general catastrophe relief funds for natural disasters. This means putting pressure on governments to make industries like the automotive, energy and agricultural sectors not just reform to avoid future global warming, but also pay disaster relief expenses for the current victims of changing weather patterns. Such accountability will also not be welcomed but is necessary. It would mean that so-called climate defenders who signed the Paris Agreement do not just care about future benefits of sustainable economies that also reduce pollution, but also recognize the impacts of damage already done. If a healthcare company needs to pay reparations to customers harmed by its products, an oil company should pay for its damage to the environment. Lastly, the debate and education about the climate should no longer stop at measures on how to “save the planet” but should extend to measures on how to protect those affected. That means preparing vulnerable communities for disasters to come with better urban planning and coverage through insurance and reparation deals as well as continuously improving disaster management through sharing best practices globally. Humans have always dealt with natural disaster, we need to get better at it as extreme events increase. The question should no longer be about the fact that the Earth is warming but about how we can help those who are suffering. The inconvenient truth is not just that the climate is getting warmer and more extreme, it is also that these changes are destroying the lives of the most vulnerable and predominantly innocent. The Paris Agreement is a good start on solving the long-term implications. Now, we need another agreement to address the imminent threats of destruction of communities, cities and entire nations and how the world can take care of these people.
 Finding spots that only a select few are aware of can make the city feel more exclusively yours — yet I discourage you from only doing that upon your first arrival in a new city (in this case Seoul). I’ve seen more and more people nowadays try to find the “hipster” areas and hidden spots in a city they are visiting for the first time. However, tourist destinations are popular for a reason: They give those unfamiliar with the area a direct peek into essential parts of that city’s cultural being. The Statue of Liberty in New York can make tourists imagine immigrants of the past coming to America with dreams of a brighter, freer future and more opportunities (whether that dream came true is a different conversation). The best tourist locations give a glimpse into that city or country’s past and are the symbols of customs that both knowingly and unknowingly float within a native’s being. Although there may be fewer locals, great tourist destinations are one of the best crash courses to a city or country. On your first visit to Seoul, you should definitely not miss these great sights:  The locations that you should see upon your first visit to Seoul. Some might wonder why a shopping district is a tourist hotspot. While it has many of Korea’s top brands, there are also quite a few global brands that visitors might already be familiar with. While there’s a whole section filled with small authentic Korean snack stands, I always see more tourists populating the stands than native Koreans. In fact, out of all the locations I’ve listed here, Myeongdong is the place I consistently see the least number of natives. It almost seems like all the Koreans are avoiding the area and the overabundance of culturally curious (but also unaware) foreigners. Then, why Myeongdong? Though Koreans seemed to have loosened their claim on the area, Myeongdong, filled with bright, pristine shops and many tourists, is a testament to the amazing economic growth of South Korea in the last 60 years. It’s easy to forget that only a few decades ago South Korea was a very poor, struggling developing country when it is now a rich, developed country that lends funds to poor countries who used to be just like it. The Miracle of Han River, the term used for South Korea’s economic miracle, has shaped the Korean people to value benchmarks and tireless hard work–ideas that Koreans push to excess at times. The atmosphere is definitely Korean even without the presence of many natives. Cheonggyecheon used to be a forgotten, neglected stream until it was revitalized by the city in 2005. Nowadays, a beautiful path has been carved around the stream to protect it, providing a peaceful and momentary escape into nature and a memory of the path. This location, though an often named Seoul destination, isn’t often ridden with many tourists. You will see many Koreans sitting on the rocks near the stream and under bridges, wetting their feet in the water and taking a few moments to relax. There aren’t a lot of gift shops that you can buy souvenirs from here, but that isn’t the point of this landmark. Each time I step down into the paths along Cheonggyecheon, I feel encapsulated in some strong feeling of the Korean past, a strong love of nature–a inexplicable part of Seoul that is not often seen.  Gyeongbokgung at sunset Gyeongbokgung, the largest palace in Seoul, was probably already on your list. The call to tradition, the magnificence of the structure and colors, and the regular changing-of-the-guard events usually attract the eyes of the tourist, unfamiliar with Asian culture. Additionally, many Seoulites have started to reignite their interest towards their history, dressing in Hanbok (한복), the traditional Korean clothing, and walking around Gyeongbokgung, next to pretty royal living quarters and small gardens. The image of the palace and the Koreans dressed in 한복 as you approach, surrounded by tall buildings of glass and bustling Seoulites, is truly a jump into the past, and though South Korea has advanced so much in the past few decades, the Korean history that is intertwined into the palace’s very image is utterly breathtaking. Gwangjang Market is the oldest traditional market in Seoul and stocked with tons of Korean street food. While it isn’t the most well-known market, it gets a fair share of tourists, curious about the different Korean foods and craving a more “authentic” cultural experience. These tourists certainly aren’t wrong. The market is packed with vendors at every corner and has Ajummas (아줌마) at each shop, yelling out what they have and welcoming possible customers. Though you might have seen similar foods if you walked around vendors near Myeongdong, there is a stronger feeling of jeong (정) in Gwangjang with the ajummas quickly packaging food and looking to see your reaction as you eat. Like many things in Korea, there is a conflict between the old and the new, what should be kept and what should be left behind. Gwangjang Market could easily be replaced with another supermarket or mall, holding all the same products. But, to me, without the market, a piece of Korea’s cultural identity is lost.  Insadong Though many places are at conflict with the old and the new, Insadong is the one area that has a harmonious combination. There are places that rent hanbok, traditional restaurants, and souvenir shops with traditional Korean snacks and trinkets, and with large chain stores such as Starbucks or Etude House, the signs are spelled completely in hanguel (한글), the Korean alphabet. In a sense, Insadong could be seen as a facade, put on only for the tourists. You won’t see traditional wraps sold so frequently in other areas and Starbucks will not be spelled 스타벅스 outside of Insadong. However, with the struggle between the past and the present continuing in Seoul, it seems to me that this harmonious combination of the two is what Seoul should be aiming for.
 SAN FRANCISCO – On the 27th January 2017, in the midst of Ascent weekend, Minerva Schools organized their annual convention called Civitas at SomaARTS Cultural Centre in San Francisco. The event brought together 128 Minerva Students of the Class of 2020, 48 prospective students of the Class of 2021, the Minerva Schools’ staff and 66 civic partners working at high positions at different institutions across San Francisco.  Ben Nelson, CEO of Minerva Schools, introducing Civitas 2017 in San Francisco | Photo: Antonio Fowl Stark Civitas was spread into four phases. The first phase was the exploratory phase where a student dives deeper into their own experiences and share their personal opinions about success and failure. Students, civic partners and Minerva staff organize into groups of six to eight and discuss about their life experiences, and how have they shaped the person they are today. This phase is an important part of Minerva Schools’ strategy to make everyone realize where they come from and how privileged they are to be here and how great everyone’s experiences are. It helps build empathy towards the people in the community and appreciate their presence. The first phase was followed by the kick-off program, presented by Z. Mike Wang, Director of Student Experience and Community Engagement. The program started with a welcoming note by Ben Nelson, founder of Minerva Schools. Following the welcome note, eight Minerva students, four civic partners, and four Minerva staff members shared their insights on what they want to be when they grow up. The answers were enlightening and ranged from philosophical thoughts to specific goals. Interestingly, no one talked about a specific academic goal. This highlights one aspect of the Minerva community: we strive to become change makers that achieve goals one step at a time. We do not care  how the world defines us, as we define ourselves in the way that we can change the world. The second and third phases of Civitas were discussions on big questions that are trying to be addressed in the world today. The participants were divided into eight groups, and each group discussed one question at length for an hour. Some of the questions were “Can we do better than democracy?”, “Why are the history curriculums biased ?” and “How can technologies sustain themselves without extra resources?”. Both discussion sessions were followed by a 20 minute networking session where students could talk more with the civic partners and Minerva staff members to build on their ideas. These middle two phases of Civitas were built on the renaissance model. This model defies two conventional models of community meetings: “Networking for Networking’s sake” and  “Sharing of ideas just for the sake of sharing ideas”. The model believes that we must network for a constructive outcome, such as a project or an idea, and not for the sake of building a network. Secondly, the model emphasizes the need for constructive outcomes to community meetings. The questions of both these phases were shaped in such a way as to allow everyone to build, discuss, and reflect on them. These questions didn’t have a definite answer, nor did we want to achieve one. They were meant to challenge the boundaries of every Minervan and how far one can go to listen to everybody’s opinions and shape ideas in a way that you can see the construction of a network of ideas collectively progressing towards change. The fourth phase was the “Civic Partner” session where a few civic partners shared challenging projects that were meant to solve problems in their organizations. These projects ranged from entrepreneurship to art to theatre to social change. Students were allowed to network with these civic partners in order to discuss the opportunities that they have brought and how can they get involved. The hour and a half hour networking session was the end of Civitas and Minervans headed back to their residence to carry out the activities of Ascent weekend. Civitas went really well in terms of an overarching goal we wanted to achieve. We brought the community together to discuss and reflect on ideas; we gave Minervans the opportunity to work with civic partners such as the NASDAQ Entrepreneurial Center, Dalberg Advisors, Mayor’s Office of Civic Innovation, and SF Opera. At the end of the day, Civitas had achieved their vision. There were meaningful conversations between students of both M2020 and M2021. The students of M2020 have now established a very elite network of people who can help them grow and achieve extraordinary.
 BUENOS AIRES – Wednesday March 15, 2017 will mark Minerva’s third annual Quinquatria celebration, and the launch of the Minerva Laureate. The Laureate is an award created by the Laurel Legacy and honours the Minerva student who does the most to inspire others to embody their highest ideals. The award will be announced during the Quinquatria ceremony. This Minerva Laureate was inspired through contemplation of the meaning of “Laurel” and how the “Laurel Legacy” can create an activity of value for the community. “I’m very excited to be piloting this new award to not only bring a new meaning to our Legacy and the traditions of Quinquatria, but also for us as a way to give back to the community and honour what we stand for” says Adrian Goedeckemeyer, a class of 2019 member of the Laurel Legacy. In February, students had the opportunity to nominate fellow classmates who they felt embodied the idea of not “resting on one’s Laurels.” Students are not bound to nominate members of their own cohort, but cannot nominate members of the Laurel Legacy. One award will be awarded per cohort. Beginning March 1, members of the Laurel Legacy reviewed the nominations and will decide which student best fits the profile of the Minerva Laureate. With this year being the first iteration of the Minerva Laureate award, the process of determining who will receive the award will continue to be refined in the coming years. Michael Yang, another class of 2019 member of the Laurel Legacy points out how the award helps to give some purpose and clarity to the Minerva Legacy system, and the Minerva values: “So, Legacies were/are this kind of strange thing that our founder dearest dropped into our laps, and I think that a good portion of us don’t know what to do with it. On a unrelated note, I think there is tension about what we want our community values to be, and what they actually are. The award is a good way to provide some explicit recognition of something that our legacy at least feels is important.” The inspiration for the physical Laureate award, much like the Quinquatria ceremony, dates back to Roman times. Founding class member of the Laurel Legacy Gabriella Grahek asked Minerva Founder Ben Nelson for insight on what aspects of the ancient tradition might be inspiration for a modern day award.  Ben Nelson said, “In the main day of Quinquatria (March 19th) in honour of Minerva, students would present gifts to their pedagogues and flautists would lead processions.” Inspired from this tradition, the Minerva Laureate award is a flute to blend the ancient with the present. The Laurel Legacy proceeded to acquire the Minerva Laureate award for Quinquatria 2017 from a location in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The flute will remain the physical incarnation of the award each year, but it will be one that is culturally specific to each location the cohort that is presenting the award is based. Students in the class of 2019 are looking forward to the Quinquatria ceremony and learning who will be the first ever recipient of the Minerva Laureate Award. More about the Minerva Laurel Legacy can be found at http://minervalaurel.weebly.com/.
 BUENOS AIRES and SAN FRANCISCO – The Minerva student body ratified the charter of the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) on Sunday, a historic moment for the Minerva community as the first student representative body to be enacted in the university’s history. The outcome implements a formal structure for student representation and communication with the Minerva Schools at KGI administration and staff, and initiates an election process for representatives with elections by January 29. Students will be voting for three representatives per class, six total, who will then appoint the Elections Board which will administer all future elections. Nearly 2/3 of the student body voted in favor of the charter, issuing a decisive mandate for the ASM. 90% of the Class of 2019 participated in the vote — a much higher turnout than any previous vote — with 92% of those voting in favor of the charter, the Commission informed the Quest.  60% of the Class of 2020 participated, voting 71% in favor of the charter. Average turnout among both classes was 70%, voting on average 81% in favor of the charter. The vote was held from Friday to Saturday and was subsequently reopened for several hours on Sunday following requests from multiple students in the Class of 2020, as turnout had been lower in the class and its students were in the midst of Elevation, their second semester orientation week. The vote was held through an online form, restricted to one submission per student email address.  Created with Meta Chart  Created with Meta Chart It came after months of work by the ASM Commission, composed of four — initially five — members of the Class of 2019 who had been voted into office in February 2016 to develop the final charter by Spring 2017. An interim ASM with a temporary charter was also elected in February, and that system has now been formalized and updated with Sunday’s ratification. The Commission will oversee the elections later this month and then be dissolved as it has completed its stated purpose. Some concern had been raised among students about the efficiency and transparency of the Commission following little communication in the second half of 2016, but ultimately the concerns did not prevent the charter from being approved. The vote also comes after heated discussion in recent weeks in both the Class of 2020 over proposed structure, prompting an addendum to the charter which clarified the rights of each class in the ASM, assuaging the concerns of some students. Commissioner Roiman N., Class of ’19, noted that the extension of the vote did not end up impacting the margin of the charter’s approval in any significant way. “It ended up mostly affecting participation, not the results.” He added that he was pleased with the outcome: “I’m very happy to see that so many people took part. I was a bit more cynical. I think that the differences between the classes are because the Class of 2019 has seen more of a need in the last semester for representation and I hope for a good collaboration between classes.”He emphasized, “The work only starts here because will still have a lot of changes that people would like to make, including myself.” As the charter has now been approved, the changes he is referencing will be made through the charter’s structure. It allows for amendments either through a unanimous vote of the elected representatives or a ⅔ majority of students in a binding referendum which can be initiated by any student, as long as 50% of students participate in the vote. Last week, the Commission sent a rationale for the ASM to the student body, which has now been formally recognized through Sunday’s vote: “During our first semester there were various times the administration was unable or unwilling to work with students because there was no centralized means of contact. Often people felt only individuals with specific [work-study] internships, relationships, or access to [Minerva] HQ were given a voice and feedback was done by those with the loudest voices. These issues, in conjunction with the fact that the school will not always be less than 300 people, has led us to create a structure for student representation. In addition to a student government’s traditional role of representation, the ASM is also focused on working directly with the administration to problem-solve and develop new ideas.” The Commission informed the Quest of the results early Monday morning and will soon publicly announce them via email to the Minerva community.
 On December 8, 2016, at a Columbus, Ohio hospital, former marine, aviator, astronaut, and senator John Glenn passed away in the company of his children, grandchildren, and wife of 73 years. Glenn is best remembered for the five hours which made him the first American astronaut to orbit the Earth, but that is only one moment of a long and very full life. John Herschel Glenn Jr. was born on July 18, 1921 in Cambridge, Ohio, but attended elementary and high school in New Concord, Ohio. After graduating from high school Glenn received a bachelor of science in engineering from Muskingum College in New Concord. He would later be awarded honorary doctorates from Muskingum and eight other colleges. In 1942, Glenn joined the National Air Force Cadet program, and in 1943 was placed in the Marine Corps. He flew 59 missions during the Second World War and 90 missions during the Korean War. Between the wars, Glenn taught new pilots in Texas. John Glenn married Annie Castor in 1943. The two grew up  together in New Concord and remained married until Glenn’s death only a few days ago (73 years). Annie still wears the $125 engagement ring Glenn gave her in 1942. They have two children, David (born 1945) and Carolyn (born 1947). In 1959, Glenn was chosen to be a Mercury 7 astronaut and was sent to Virginia (the program was moved to Houston in 1962) to work with the NASA Space Task Group. Before making his historic launch, Glenn assisted other astronauts such as Alan Shepard (who on May 5, 1961 became the first American in space) in piloting their rockets. Glenn was also part of the early stages of designing the cockpit for the Apollo project.  Glenn having a final check with before boarding the Friendship 7. In 1962 Glenn was selected to be the first American astronaut to orbit the Earth (which he did three times during his just-under-five-hour flight) aboard the Friendship 7. The mission, which started smoothly, ended up being one of the most tense moments in the history of the American Space program. After the first orbit had been completed the craft experienced a failure in the automatic control system which necessitated Glenn to manually pilot the craft during his second two tours around the small blue planet he called home. As he was preparing for his re-entry, it became clear that the Friendship 7‘s heat shield had somehow come loose and it was entirely likely that Glenn would be incinerated during his return. As the world held its breath, Glenn placed the retrorocket pack against the heat shield to help support it and plummeted back to Earth as pieces of metal flew off the Friendship 7. When asked about the experience Glenn told reporters: “It made for a very spectacular re-entry from where I was sitting.”  John Glenn’s incredible luck and fast thinking did not go unrecognized, neither did his incredible military carreer. He had been somewhat of a poster-boy for the NASA program from the day he was recruited; Glenn was handsome and had a natural charm and charisma than won him fans the world over. The marine-turned-astronaut was awarded more than 15 medals recognizing his accomplishments ranging from the Distinguished Flying Cross to the Congressional Space Medal of Honor. That Glenn became an American hero is very much reliant on the geopolitical climate in which his mission occurred. The United States was in the midst of the Cold War, and deep into the Space Race against the Russians. To make things worse, they were losing. Glenn’s successful mission was a huge step forward for the American Space Program. Beyond his success, Glenn truly was the perfect person to be the hero America so desperately needed. He was good guy from smalltown Ohio. He had a perfect love story, and beautiful family. He was good looking, and an accomplished veteran who had clearly proven his love for his country through his service. John Glenn was the kind of person who made other people smile; and at tense times in history, that is the kind of person who can be incredibly valuable. Glenn retired as an astronaut on January 16, 1964, was promoted to colonel in October of that same year, and retired from the Marine Corps in 1965, which concluded the first of three major chapters in Glenn’s life. After putting his NASA career on hold temporarily, Glenn became an executive at Royal Crown International, an American soft drink company. His success in his past career had brought Glenn close to the Kennedy family and he began to pursue a career in politics with the Democratic National Party. In 1974, he was elected to the Senate, a position he worked hard to maintain over the following decade. Ultimately, his career in politics was less publicly successful than his career in aeronautics. He was briefly considered for Vice-President and as a potential Presidential candidate by the Democratic National Committee in 1984, Glenn’s political career plateaued at the state level. Despite this, he made significant contributions, such as drafting part of the Nonproliferation Act in 1978, being chairman of the Senate Government Affairs Committee from 1979 to 1995, and  serving on various committees dealing with national defence, foreign relations, and a special committee on aging. Scholars also recognized Glenn as the primary science expert in the Senate. Glenn campaigned for increased funding of science programs in schools and space exploration. In 1983, a novel film was made of Tom Wolfe’s novel The Right Stuff with Ed Harris portraying Glenn. This film once again placed Glenn in the spotlight as a new generation was touched by his harrowing voyage aboard the Friendship 7.  Glenn official NASA portrait from 1998 mission aboard the Discovery. In an interview taken in 1998, while in orbit, Glenn said, “To look out at this kind of creation out here and not believe in God is to me impossible.” Glenn’s reflection on  his zero-gravity experience during his first mission perhaps prompted the then-77-year-old to don his space suit once more and board the Discovery for a nine day space mission to study geriatrics in space. Glenn was the oldest astronaut in history. At the time, media outlets criticized this mission as a publicity stunt. Glenn suffered two major setbacks: he had not been chosen for the vice-presidential or presidential nominations. Media outlets contended that, because of his floundering political career, Glenn embarked upon his exploration to renew his name in the public eye.  Regardless of his motives, Glenn’s ability to withstand the physical strain of being an astronaut was a feat for the 77 year-old man. In January 1999, Glenn retired from his political life. Together, he and Annie founded the John Glenn School for Public Service at Ohio State University in the hope of encouraging the next generation to pursue careers in government. In 2012, Glenn received the Presidential Medal of Honor from President Barack Obama. John Glenn was part of the golden age of the NASA space program, a day when everything they accomplished was a revolution. His scientific and social progress, as well as charm, will likely continue to touch the hearts of the people worldwide for years to come. Last interview with Glenn before his death: 
 The Minerva Quest is proud to release its first opinion piece. It offers a personal experience from last month’s First Presidential Debate. As we’re getting ready to watch the two candidates square up for the next one, read through the horrors one of your fellow students went through during their first encounter. It’s a normal Monday: first month of college, assignments due tomorrow. We’ve all been there. Mondays. However, I was excited about this one. In the early evening, most of Minerva’s Class of 2020 gathered on the SF residence hall’s fourth floor to watch one of the most anticipated events of the United States political year: the first presidential debate. To me, it was a disaster. I am German. I have been brought up in a culture where facts stand above anything. Seriousness, responsibility, problem solving are paramount in German society. As a kid, I’d have to reason and argue to convince my brother that I should get shotgun for a ride to tennis; granted, with pre-teens, that argument doesn’t always stay factual. But with candidates for the most powerful post in the world, under the eyes of more than one hundred million people, I would expect better than a pre-teen argument loosely based on facts. Not in 2016, and not in the United States of America. As of the debate tonight, I have been living in the U.S. for exactly one month. I am passionate about politics and current affairs. I’ve followed the election cycle for more than a year. Still, my expectations were utter underestimations. The 90 minutes of debate were pure entertainment with sad bits and pieces of my traditional definition of political discourse. The only part missing was the fake background laughter from popular TV shows. Dreadful. I watched from one of the front seats as the crowd behind me took the role of a sitcom audience, exclaiming “Boos!”and impressed “Ooouuuhhs!” when one opponent (usually Hillary) bashed the other. I glanced back at the crowd and noticed how as time went on the faces grew more and more confused; stares of disbelief mixed with the sad expressions of ashamed US citizens. If the debate had not been so shockingly entertaining in and of itself, these observations would’ve made a good show, too. Trump may be more responsible for the crowd’s reaction than Hillary. Yet what disturbed me most was how both played around on stage. Their direct attacks, and often their facial expressions, did not convey the impression of serious candidates. They were toying with each other in attempting to persuade a polarized country to buy their stance: “Vote for me”. One can only hope that whoever wins won’t toy with the country itself. I’m now not so sure what to think of the next debate. I might watch it with the same anticipation as I would have for 90 minutes of a popular new horror movie: scary voices, not much depth, but good entertainment. How about ‘fact-chain trumps blame-game’ next time? Background: I began my first year as a student at Minerva Schools at KGI in September 2016. This piece is my response to the first U.S. presidential debate between candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump which took place on September 26, 2016 at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, United States. The next debate response piece will be published after the second U.S. presidential debate which takes place on October 09, 2016 in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. “Like” the Minerva Quest on FB to be notified of additions to this series.
 Celebration breaks out in the Minerva Quest HQ (the Urban Place apartment of one Gabriella Grahek, founder and Chief of Strategy and Operations of the Quest), as the publication finally receives its first non-Quest member view of 2017! This is a major achievement for the Minerva Quest, who have finally branched out of their traditional audience. Quest reporter Adrian Stein reported that the view was on an article discussing gender norms in co-curriculars. Stein added that this is extremely satisfying, as all 16 members of the quest have worked extremely hard to reach this achievement, and called it “a result of never ending persistence and iteration” “Usually when we get a new view, it’s another Quest writer trying to make us feel like our effort is noticed,” said Stein. “After noticing this view, we started talking about it in our group chat, but no one took responsibility for it. That was the happiest moment of the semester.” In an effort to celebrate accomplishments and ride the wave of good moral, Grahek posted a graphic showing a 20% figure, to indicate that the Quest has reached a fifth of their 2017 goal of five annual readers. In a short address to her staff, Grahek acknowledged the hard work put in by the sixteen-person staff. “If each and every one of us gets just half a person to read the article, we will reach our goal. Some of you said it’s impossible, but today we proved to ourselves that our efforts will not go unrewarded!” The Meekly wishes to congratulate the Quest, and wishes them luck with attaining the next four readers!
 You are what you eat. The proverb that has guided many people to lead better lives and eat healthier food. The famous idiom got  a literal twist, however, on Thursday morning when a vegetarian Minerva student woke up as an actual gimbap. After a month of eating over five gimbaps per day, Jake Hill (M2020) started to feel queasy earlier this week. The situation escalated when Jake started to leave a trail of rice behind him everywhere he went and when yellow radish started appearing every time he blew his  nose. Although Hill noticed his dire condition, he did not immediately go to see a doctor. Sources say he has not yet activated his GeoBlue insurance, and so chose  to focus on an assignment instead.  This unprecedented medical phenomenon has baffled the Korean medical community, as most Koreans remain in human form after long gimbap runs. A Gangnam medical firm has taken Hill under their custody, hoping to find an explanation and cure for his case. Alex Shin of Minerva SXP has promised a relevant co-curricular will follow soon to see the innovative techniques used to analyze Hill.  The Minerva academic team has responded, claiming that Hill’s failure to produce signed documents will not relieve him of his absences and that the supposed metamorphosis is no excuse for missing class. 
 Trigger Warning: Self Harm Disaster erupted in the Bay Area when office communication service, Slack, crashed on the night of Tuesday, October 31st. San Francisco, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties have declared a state of emergency after the employees of over 100 start-ups committed collective suicide. Survivors of this tragedy describe horror scenes of lost tech workers unable to express their wants and needs, rolling around slowly but frantically on their in-office hoverboards. One survivor said:  “This is the mesada of Silicon Valley, our last stand, we will not give up the progress technology brings. The ability to react to any personal or group message with a wide range of emojis is a God-given right. Without Slack, how will I speak to my co-worker right beside me when he has headphones on? I heard one guy suggest transitioning over to group chat on Facebook’s Messenger. The world has fallen to madness, true, true madness. We will not go back to the Stone Age, we will not!” There were a few instances of bravery during the crisis. Local start up “Glop” CEO, Jim Passes, shared a Google Doc with best disruptive suicide practices, including 10 ways to commit suicide at a standing desk. As employees opened their email to view the Google Doc, they discovered Passes forgot to grant them access to it. This inconvenience was final proof that returning to old and disorganized processes such as cloud based communication made life no longer worth living. With the exception of the tragic loss of lives, it seems the only impact of the events has been a sharp decline in online orders of kind bars and boxed water. In sharp contrast to the Bay Area, reactions from the rest of the world were far calmer. Audiences outside of the affected counties appeared unbothered by Slack’s temporary loss of functionality. In an effort to assess damages, Slack surveyed customers worldwide. The overwhelming response was, “What’s Slack?” The Meekly stands strong with the families of the casualties, the Bay Area, and the startup industry. We send our condolences to all. Also, unrelated to the sudden death of all the tech people, let us know of any Mission apartment vacancies, ideally something in the $3000 range. 
 A cultural highlight of the semester, the first Minerva Poetry Slam took place Saturday night at Seoul HQ. Ten talented Minerva students performed original poetry in front of a crowd of Minerva students and staff.  The evening’s winner, Shajara Roshdy, captivated the crowd with his poem, “Look at Me I Can Find Existential Meaning in Mundane Things, I Must Be So Interesting.” Other notable mentions are Christian Sicars’, “I’m a Powerful Yet Emotional Guy, Does Anyone Want to Have Sex With Me?,” Laura Sofia Castro’s, “I’m Over You, So Over You, No One Has Ever Been More Over Anything in The History of Being Over Things,” and, “I Have So Many Emotions and They Are So Deep” by Milk Ri Sunshine Bouthiller. Roiman, organizer of the event, spoke to The Meekly and hailed the high level of performance on Saturday, saying, “It is truly amazing to see how talented Minervans are. Of course, I’m talented, and my close friends are talented, but now there’s a whole new group of talented people in my college. Gosh, we are so fantastic I can barely get enough of us, it almost compensates for being part of the Founding Class.”  Alya Luk, who performed her memorable piece, “My Life Story Was Terrible, Now Applaud Me,” told us about her creative process. Her poem was written while she was reminiscing about life in her favorite artisan third-wave candle shop cafe, specializing in beeswax candles created by impoverished bees and located in a part of town “you haven’t heard of yet.”  Luk added that, “The inspiration just came to me and I let it flow through my fountain pen. I wrote the entire thing in three minutes. When I read it aloud, I got so emotional I started crying, I’ve never heard words that touched me in such a deep way before.” The eight-minute piece was memorized and performed by Luk, who claimed the words were in her all along. In poetry slam tradition, the evening was concluded with a final poem by the winner, Shajara Roshdy. The poem, a love ballad, was titled “All I Need Is a Mirror and Me.”  Later that evening, Roshdy was seen walking down the street from Daiso, holding a brand new mirror and singing 80’s band Divinyls’ hit, “I Touch Myself.” The Meekly wishes him a wonderful night.
 BUENOS AIRES – On January 26, 2017, with voting already underway for representatives on the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM), Minerva’s student government, for the Class of 2020 in San Francisco, Class of 2019 students, currently in Buenos Aires, are being introduced to their candidates. The ASM will include three representatives from each class who will work towards solving problems affecting students, and generally ameliorating student life at Minerva. The candidates for the class of 2019 include: Louis Brickman, Devora Klionsky, Guy Davidson, Rosie Foulger, Matt Baughman, Ailen Matthiess, and Xi Jia Zhou (Matthiess and Zhou were absent from the event). According to ASM commissioner Colette Brown, the purpose of the “Meet the Candidates” is to meet the candidates, hear what they have to say regarding issues and possible proposed changes to the charter which was ratified recently. The event was an opportunity to view the candidates not in the lense of them as friends, but as potential representatives of the Class of 2019 to Minerva Staff. Questions were posed primarily by ASM commissioners Colette Brown and Roiman, with some coming from members of the Class of 2019. Candidates were given 30 seconds to answer each question with a 15 second extension if they made a comment which generated a laugh. This extension was not meant to alter the seriousness of the event, but to prevent it from becoming overly stiff. Voters asked why candidates felt the ASM should exist and why they should be a representative, what they plan to work on, how to accept and implement student feedback, their understanding of the voting system, how they plan to interact and work with representatives from the class of 2020, and how they plan to address other issues such as those related to housing and work-study. Class of 2019 candidates present a range of ages, experiences, and interests. However, they are all clearly focused on trying to solve the myriad problems that have arisen over the course of the Class of 2019s time at Minerva thus far. One of the main points that candidates continually came back to was communication, both among students, and between students and staff. The topic of communication with staff, particularly members of the senior team of Minerva’s administration, came up during the fall semester as students began making arrangements for the coming rotation to Buenos Aires. The candidates proposed different ways of building these bridges of communication. Among students, all the candidates were in favour of office hours and surveys to collect information. Foulger said, “I really like small roundtables” for groups of students dealing with an issue in order to break down what the most important parts were before opening the topic up to a general vote from Class of 2019 students. Yang stressed the importance of remembering that communication between ASM and students will be an iterative process, much like everything at Minerva. When asked about communication with staff Davidson repeatedly brought up the importance of being involved much earlier in the decision making process regarding the living situation and structure of classes and tutorials, among other situations, than students have been in the past. Davidson hopes that being involved earlier in the process will help to control for and avoid some of the problems faced in the past where decisions were made and by the times students were asked to weigh in, it was often too late to incite real change. Brickman and Baughman brought up the need to mitigate Minerva’s need to “save face” in all situations. Foulger, along the same line, commented that it will be important for ASM representatives to propose solutions that are both beneficial to staff and students. Klionsky raised a point about the leverage power students at Minerva have, and the importance of recognizing this and not being afraid to act on it when necessary. The candidates brought up the importance of students feeling like their ASM representatives are people they are able to talk to about the different problems. As Yang said in response to a question related to work-study, one cannot go to staff and say “…there are rumours about this happening…”. This applies not just to the work-study program, but to all issues that arise among students at Minerva. Students hope that this election will hopefully produce representatives who students feel comfortable going to about any problem they feel needs to be addressed at Minerva. The current election will use the single transferable vote system. Shortly after the election, the representatives will participate in a referendum about changing from the single transferable vote system to the Schulze method. For Minerva students wishing to view the video of the Meet The Candidates Event, can do so here. 
 On Monday, March 28, the language learning-focused student organization MiCommunicate began its first ever language learning competition, the Duolingo Games. Based roughly on the Hunger Games, 32 students and one Minerva staff member signed up and thus agreed to commit to maintaining their “streak” on the language learning website Duolingo for 21 days. The leaders of MiCommunicate — Inaugural Class students Namrata Haribal, Julian Grosse, and Khang Dương — organized the event. In addition to the incentive of regaining the initial deposit, they created a highly visible poster in the residence hall with every contestant’s name and will award a sticker every day the contestants continue the streak, similar to the simple but highly effective “sticker charts” in primary (elementary) school. Inaugural Class student Raymundo Gonzalez Leal, one of the contestants who is studying German on Duolingo, expressed that the stickers and money were not his primary motivation. “I was already doing Duolingo before and being in the games gives you more motivation to be consistent, since you know that more people are doing it.” IC student Corey Orndorff, who at publication time was still contemplating joining the game, added, “I’m thinking about it. I don’t wanna lose five dollars.” Many of the participating students decided to focus on improving their language skills before they move to Berlin in late August 2016 and Buenos Aires in January 2017 — roughly 60% decided to focus on German and 30% on Spanish. Furthermore, two students decided on French and one each on Russian, Portuguese, Esperanto, and Norwegian. MiCommunicate’s promotional poster for the Games.  The contest is not likely to result in language fluency in the near future, with Leal adding that Duolingo “is not something complete,” but rather a good practice tool supplementing conversation with native speakers and other immersion. However, it has so far engaged much of the student body, roughly 30%, to put some work towards learning a new language. IC student Colette Brown, who will be studying Spanish, said “I like a friendly competition. Hold the friendly.”
 SAN FRANCISCO – With only one month remaining for the class of 2019 in San Francisco, thoughts have turned to the next destination in the seven-city journey: Berlin. Students will be arriving in the famed European city throughout July and August. Students have expressed a range of emotions, from excitement to nervousness. The Quest asked some students their thoughts on starting a new semester in a new city. Inaugural Class student Adrian Goedeckemeyer from Germany explained, “I am very excited to show everyone the beautiful places around the city and explore the rich German history. I still remember the great times I had when I first got to know Berlin and I can promise that there is always more to discover. We Minerva students will fit in great in this city and in Kreuzberg and I am very excited to see each of us adapt a little to the German way of life, enjoy German beer and food and maybe even slow down a little and enjoy some relaxed German fall evenings in a beautiful Biergarten or one of the many parks. I can’t wait for a beautiful fall with leaves changing their colors and honestly, winter in Germany is great too, we will be able to go to Christmas markets all across the city and enjoy a beautiful festive time.” “I am somewhat nervous about being able to manage my time in an efficient way so that I can immerse deeply in the city without putting my academics at risk,” said IC student Raymundo Gonzalez Leal. During their first year, all students at Minerva are enrolled in the same four cornerstone classes. In subsequent years students take classes specific to their majors and concentrations, meaning the workload will vary for each student depending on which and how many courses the student takes.  This model creates some unpredictability in how much time students will have to explore and immerse themselves in the new cities in which  they live. Another concern was voiced by Inaugural Class student Tyler Pincus,  “I am nervous about learning German and being able to see as much of the city as I would like. I have heard I will be fine with English, but as a personal goal I would really like to leave with at least a preliminary understanding of German. Also, four months to learn a city will be quite a challenge–I am nervous that I might leave still feeling like a tourist!” Among Minerva’s international student body, only four students are German speakers, which means that the majority of students will be grappling with, in many cases, a third or fourth language. Some students have been using online resources, such as Duolingo, to begin learning the basics of the language. Others having been utilizing Thursday morning German and pancake roundtables run by Inaugural Class student Julian Grosse. “I think it is unrealistic that Minervans will all learn German over the summer, but I highly recommend some basic knowledge just to more easily pick up conversations or feel more comfortable when getting coffee or food,” added Goedeckemeyer. Yet the nervous feelings are largely surpassed by students’ excitement for the wide range of experiences they will be able to enjoy: food, culture, museums, history, theatre, opera, and volunteering, to name a few. “I am looking forward to learn about how Germany is maintaining its status as one of the strong European powers,” exclaimed IC student Usman Ali. Ali’s peer Audrey Tu emphasized: “A lot of city exploring, language learning, and making local friends in technology meetup events. I wish to know more about the living habits of Berlin. I am considering buying a second hand bicycle.” The prospect of being in Europe stretches far beyond Berlin for many of the students. “I plan on using some time during winter break and maybe before starting classes in order to travel through Europe,” continued Gonzalez Leal. The proximity of countries in Europe, and the central location of Germany makes this aspiration a common one among Minerva students. “What I am most nervous about is the short duration of our stay. I have talked to many students and they are hoping to see so much of Europe while we are there and I am worried that will cause some to miss out on experiencing everything that is available to us in Berlin while we are there. Of course travel will be possible, but 15 weeks are short and we still have a lot of academics and should really try to enjoy Berlin as a city beyond just using it to take classes. That is why I recommend everyone to plan some trips around Europe before and after the semester. It is beautiful there and you shouldn’t miss out!” cautioned Goedeckemeyer. After a year in San Francisco, Goedeckemeyer warns: “Prepare for some slower internet speeds — on mobile and at cafes — separate yourself from on-demand deliveries services and say goodbye to Uber and co. Public transit will be great and a lot of things easier, but different.” Berlin will be intentionally very different from San Francisco, and the combination of nerves and anticipation currently felt within the Minerva student body will hopefully serve to fuel their experience in Germany.
 Written directions: Take a left out of UP, then a right at the 7-Eleven towards Cafe Pascucci. Continue in this direction across the street, and walk for about 30 minutes. On the way, you’ll pass another supermarket that provides a large selection as well. E-Mart is well labeled with bright yellow signs, and will be on your right. To take the bus there, catch the 350 at a stop near Juicy, and get off at the fourth stop. Coming back, the 350 bus stop is near the intersection on the other side of the street to E-Mart, visible from E-Mart’s doors.
 SEOUL — Yesterday, US President Donald Trump touched down in South Korea as part of his 11-day trip to five Asian countries. Today also marks exactly one year since Trump was elected, an anniversary he is incidentally spending in Seoul, the current home of Minerva’s sophomores and juniors.  In anticipation of his visit, civil society groups planned large-scale protests both in support of and against Trump for November 4, 7, and 8.  Minerva notified students of the protests in an email — through third-party security consultant Worldcue — urging them to avoid the protests, while in doing so sharing exactly where they would occur. Two Minerva Quest reporters took advantage of this opportunity and went to the heart of the main demonstrations last night, just blocks from where South Korean President Moon Jae-in (문재인) was hosting President Trump for a reception and state dinner.  The pro-Trump, pro-US supporters could be heard immediately exiting the Gwanghwamun subway station at Gwanghwamun Square — the public plaza surrounded by the US Embassy, Sejong Center cultural complex, Gyeongbokgung Palace, and the National Museum of Korean Contemporary History — which is the most popular rallying point in Seoul.  The plaza’s proximity to the Blue House, South Korea’s presidential mansion, further contributes to the space’s central role in the political life of the nation. It brings the passions of those who mobilize here to the attention of the Korean media and the public, such as last week’s candlelight vigils in commemoration of the one year anniversary of President Moon’s transition to power.  Many people held signs thanking and praising Trump and the US. | Kate Gilbert The pro-Trump groups consisted of a drum circle and impassioned Koreans swarming the sidewalks and crosswalks of the plaza. They were only occasionally corralled by the police. The groups were largely comprised of people from older generations with a more direct connection to the effects of the Korean war.   Traditional Korean drummers on the edge of the pro-Trump demonstrations | Louis Brickman The pro-US and pro-Trump protesters, numbering around 1,000, generally seemed to oppose the current progressive Moon administration, which is pushing for a more reconciliatory and dialogue-based approach to North Korea.  Many people held signs thanking and praising Trump and the US.  This Korean woman exclaimed, “We love USA. We love Trump. Thank you USA!” | Kate Gilbert Men and women of 50 years and older flaunted US and South Korean flags of all sizes and smiled for photos, quick to engage with our reporters about the benefits of the South Korean and American alliance. The gathering appeared to be fairly organic without central organization, in contrast to their counter protesters.  Pro-Trump protesters on the steps of the Sejong Cultural Center shouting “Welcome Trump!” | Kate Gilbert The anti-Trump protesters, though several hundred smaller in number, were notably more organized, with a curated list of performances, speakers, and video presentations on the screen and stage facing the Statue of King Sejong. The 15,000 to 20,000 Seoul municipal and national police officers on site — as estimated by a police officer present in the square  — separated the two conflicting groups with barricades among the spatial divisions maintained by officials.  Photos by Kate Gilbert The anti-Trump protesters generally support newly-elected president Moon, but have started to levy criticisms as his administration veers toward the political center and has abandoned some of the more liberal promises such as opposing the deployment of the US’ THAAD missile system. The recent protests have exposed the complicated rifts in South Korean society. They stand at the intersection of the bitterness of the recent presidential impeachment and subsequent election, and the rising geopolitical tensions with North Korea, to which the US has contributed in the last months. In contrast to the Trump supporters, who were mainly focusing on the North Korean threat, the anti-Trump protesters were more diverse in their political convictions and consisted of various and wide-ranging progressive groups.  Though many groups did emphasize the military tensions and their desire for a peaceful solution, others opposed Trump for his views on LGBTQ rights, women’s rights, immigrant rights, and race relations.  A speaker on the anti-Trump stage called out: “We oppose racial discriminatory, anti-immigration policy of Trump!” (“인종차별, 반이민정책 트럼프를 반대한다!”), and the crowd responded in Korean, “We oppose, we oppose!” (“반대한다! 반대한다!”) This is notable because topics such as immigration and race relations are not prominent in South Korea, a very homogenous country with little immigration. A panorama of the anti-Trump protests. | Louis Brickman The LGBTQ group was handing out flyers which claimed that in anticipation of Trump’s visit, more than 100 people signed their list and publicly came out as gay in response to his views on LGBTQ rights, another highly uncommon event for the conservative country in which gay marriage is illegal. About 50 university student protesters, many from Soongsil University, occupied the entrance to Gwanghwamun subway exit nine. They claimed their initial plan was to protest from the steps of the Sejong Center facing the US embassy, but that the police pushed them into the subway entrance ramp to minimize their presence while the US motorcade drove through the plaza.  The students said that they are proponents of the Minjung movement, a South Korean movement for social justice. They claimed that when they interact with pro-US protesters, they’re often called “communists” and are even physically assaulted, though our reporters did not witness this.  Photos by Kate Gilbert By 19:00, the student protestors queued up neatly to join their organized counterparts in their barricaded area of 600 square meters (roughly 6,500 square feet) at the King Sejong statue. The next two hours included anti-Trump video programming, interpretative dances, passionate speeches, and a candlelight vigil.  One of the videos played was a remix of Psy’s famous “Gangnam Style” — “Impeach Style.” Watch the video here to get a better understanding of the positive yet bluntly critical vibe of the anti-Trump side.   Several students who performed onstage, ages 24-28 and in their matching “Im’peach Trump” hoodies, provided additional insight to the Trump opposition group. They explained that their generation, the first to grow up with a democratic government (following the dictatorship that lasted into the 1980s) and distanced from the Korean War, is in favor of a peaceful Korean peninsula with a smaller US military presence. The “Im’peach Trump” sweaters are an amusing reference to the “Apeach” character of South Korea’s famous Kakao friends, the eight emoji characters of the country’s most popular messaging app. They are a presumably a literal play on “Impeach” and a reference to the orange color of Trump’s hair. | Kate Gilbert When prompted about why their grandparents’ generation is so pro-Trump, the dancers initially joked, “because they’re crazy!” One of whom later clarified, “The Korean War injected a trauma into the people, so they can’t think reasonably and have no logic about this.”  “We are the only divided country in the world,” she noted. For the younger generation, Trump and his antagonization of Kim Jong-Un mean a future of war and violence in Korea. Many of those in the crowd that opposed Trump were supporters of the Minjung political party, and eager to see how the Moon Presidency would engage with actors in the North-South Korean conflict. By 21:00 the density of individuals in the anti-Trump section had swelled to about 600 — according to the same police officer. Around 21:30, Trump supporters trickled onto the stairs of the Sejong Cultural Center to face the street where Trump’s motorcade was planned to depart the Blue House and chanted their appreciation for America across the street from the anti-Trump gathering. The two groups stood facing each other in anticipation of the procession. “The Korean War injected a trauma into the people, so they can’t think reasonably and have no logic about this.” The road was closed to public transportation and private vehicles. Nets were hoisted up by the police to prevent any protesters from throwing items onto the street while the motorcade passed. The nets failed in their job; at the first sight of a car approaching the anti-Trump group launched dozens of glow sticks over and under the protective netting and onto the road. The some 200 police lining the barricades immediately grabbed the items off the road and regained their positions.   The protesters throw glow sticks over the protective nets. | Louis Brickman When President Trump’s motorcade did approach, it changed direction at the last minute and drove down a one way street behind the plaza, away from where everyone had expected it to pass and thus largely out of sight. Almost immediately after the motorcade passed, the police began breaking down their barricades and eliminating any trace of civil unrest, an anticlimactic ending to the first 12 hours of Trump’s visit to South Korea.  The protests, lasting over six hours, demonstrated an extreme amount of passion and planning on the part of the Korean citizens. With limited civilian-police skirmishes on both sides, the protests and counter protests of Trump’s presence in South Korea concluded peacefully. — Keep reading for more details and analysis — The police officer who previously estimated crowd size was open to sharing his personal political opinions. He said that he was pro-US and that the two countries will always remain close allies, but when asked about whether he likes Trump, he responded simply with “Obama” and a laugh. Though our reporters were careful not to engage in any protests given the illegality of foreigner participation in political demonstrations, they found two US citizens actively participating on both sides.  Steven, a 28-year-old Trump voter from Portland, Oregon, wore a USA beanie and held up his American flag blanket with an older Korean man. He expressed that he was previously a liberal, but became alienated by identity politics and saw Trump as his option to generate change and invest in the image of the US as an unapologetic, proud world player.   “I’m still pro-choice, but would rather debate with a pro-life person than liberals who just shut me up as a white male,” he explained. “I’m satisfied with Trump but I also hope that Republicans don’t get too much power in Congress, because then they could pass anti-abortion laws.” Rohan, age 36 from North Carolina, held a sign in Korean. He had come all the way from Gwangju, two hours away from Seoul where he teaches math at an international high school, just for the protest. As a person of color, Rohan expressed his discomfort with moving back home following Trump’s election, and that until a large political shift takes place, he would probably remain a digital nomad in Asia or continue to seek opportunities outside of the US. Rohan expressed his concern with the current level of polarization. “I can’t have open dialogue with people close to me who are very liberal or very conservative,” he explained. “How am I supposed to have dialogue with a stranger?” Rohan from North Carolina holding a sign which says “뭐하는거야 트럼프” — “What the hell are you doing, Trump?” | Kate Gilbert Although both Americans held different perspectives on Trump’s presidency and US interference in the Korean peninsula, both shared their disappointment and frustration with the current state of the American political system and claimed that they would have voted for Bernie Sanders.  Of all the sentiments expressed last night in Gwanghwamun Plaza, the reactions of the police and Korean government are the most telling for the future of the Korean-American political relationship. The aspirations of the Korean government under President Moon for peace talks with North Korea invite scrutiny from older, conservative Korean generations, but the organization and control of last night’s protests seemed to favor this political faction. The sheer number of police officers imported from around the country for this 24 hour period — as witnessed in Minerva students’ own hotel where a large group of police officers spent the night — was presumably to maintain appearances and show firm government control. This exercise in maintaining face could be indicative of the subservience of the South Korean government to the United States, or perhaps of the specific desire to appeal to President Trump’s eye for appearances. The strategic allowance of freedom of expression and speech in a setting with more police officers than protesters arguably gave the Korean government the ability to manage the protests and present a curated appearance to the foreign media. The deceptive move to allow Trump to exit the plaza in the periphery concluded the night but did not lower protester fervor as they prepared to protest today morning outside of the parliament building.    Photos by Kate Gilbert Adrian Stein contributed reporting, and Antonio Fowl Stark provided Korean translation. Trump has been a source of both political discussion and anxiety among many in the student body. From non-US student worries about retaining their F-1 visas and ability to reenter the US, to concerns about the threat of armed conflict in one of the cities in Minerva’s global rotation, to the near-daily sight of military helicopters flying above Seoul, his administration has had a presence in many of our lives. Keep an eye out for an upcoming article and video with reflections on a year since Trump’s election.
 At 11:11 Central European Time this morning it will be exactly 99 years since the end of the “war to end all wars.”  Except it wasn’t the end, it never is. As historian Antoon de Baets explained, it’s not “never again;” — it’s “again, and again, and again.” But nearly a century gone from what was supposed to be the end, perhaps it’s time to take a look at why we seem incapable of truly having a war that is the end of all wars: a last war.  Together, we have mourned the deaths of soldiers and civilians in the Second World War, Korea, Vietnam, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, and Israel.
We have mourned the deaths from civil wars in Russia, Spain, Sierra Leone, Libya, and Syria.
Together, we have seen the photographs, read the articles and watched the videos.
Together, we have hung our heads and said, “never again.”  Today, we will stop, stand silently for one minute.
We will struggle to keep our minds from wandering.
We will think about the lives that have been lost to war, and we will think about the lives that will be lost to war.
Today, for one minute, we will recognize this terrible reality and we will wonder why it never stops.  Peace is a great unknown. When Americans took the the streets in 1960s to protest sending young men to Vietnam, and again in 2003 to protest sending soldiers to Iraq, they were met with aggression. Their calls for peace, for preserving lives and futures, were met with anger. They were met with a fear of what happens the moment after that last shot rings out.   The motivations for engaging and remaining in war are more complicated, socially and financially, than we can often understand. It is never so simple as laying down arms, climbing out of trenches, and walking off the battlefield.  War becomes the default backup plan when talking fails, and yet, it has rarely, in the present day, yielded better results. The conflicts in the Middle East, though they may have been successful in taking down repressive regimes, were also successful at ending the lives of thousands of soldiers and civilians, and ultimately were unsuccessful at establishing peace.  Maybe violence is our default reaction when we fail to solve a problem on the first try.  The second stanza of Alfred Lord Tennyson’s famous poem, The Charge of the Light Brigade, reads as follows:  “Forward, the Light Brigade!”  
Was there a man dismay’d?    
Not tho’ the soldier knew  
  Some one had blunder’d:  
Theirs not to make reply,  
Theirs not to reason why,  
Theirs but to do and die:     
Into the valley of Death  
  Rode the six hundred. War, both in theory and practice, is full of blunders, and for nearly a century we have failed to make adequate reply. We have deferred the responsibility to others, we have not reasoned why, we have allowed friends and strangers to ride into the valley of death.  Image of an AK47 turned into a guitar, currently on display at the UN headquarters in New York. | Photo: Israeliano, Wikimedia Commons “Never again” will not happen until we tire of killing each other, when we stop allowing ourselves to be desensitized by the numbers, and the violence, as we so easily are. Never again will not happen until we stop resigning ourselves to the tragic state of the world.  Never again will come when we sign the social contract, binding us to the agreement that there must be a better way than this.  When the poppies bloom on Flanders Field this year, let us recall that war has a human face, the veterans we respect and the bodies we will never locate are not marble pieces on a political chessboard.  “We are the Dead. Short days ago
We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,
Loved and were loved, and now we lie
In Flanders fields.” — John McCrae, May 1915 One year from today will mark 100 years since the “end of war.” Let us make it a step closer to “never again.” 
 Within the trendy, high-end area of Apgujeong Rodeo sits K-Star Road, a large strip of sidewalk occupied by huge, colorful bears and excited tourists. Though the image would not immediately strike a person as a monument to an important history with its lack of grey stone, copper, or solemn faces, K-Star Road is the proud symbol of the rapid rise of South Korea’s entertainment history to a global phenomenon.  Coming out of the Korean War, Korean pop culture, like that of many countries, was heavily influenced by the United States. American trends dictated which genres were relevant and popular. Now, however, Korea’s pop culture has evolved into a completely new monster, attracting the attention of millennials from around the world and asserting its unique influence with hits like Psy’s “Gangnam Style” and more recently, the rise of BTS or Beyond The Scenes, a K-Pop band that even changed its name to appeal to growing American demand.  K-Pop’s popularity, much like Korea’s economy, was built within the last 60 years and marks a period of constant change in the country. After the Korean War, the nation was left in ruins with widespread poverty, ranked as one of the poorest developing countries in the world. However, Korea turned the tables with the “Miracle on Han River,” which involved strict government regulation, propaganda-propelled cultural resilience, and enormous reliance on Western benchmarks. The country was speeding through a game of catch-up and using the successful precedents of Western powers like the US to influence its development. It was within this environment of tireless resilience towards achieving prosperity that the Korean entertainment industry developed. With the constant interactions between the US and Korea during this time period, concepts like rock and pop began to seep in. However, without much government support for creative growth at the time and the nation’s now well ingrained practice of benchmarking or replicating other successful models, the music industry lacked a characteristic flair, sounding suspiciously similar to America’s hits of the time and quickly following the changes that the US leaked to Korea. However, as Korea began to reach its goal of economic prosperity, creative industries began to take their Western benchmarks and look for areas of improvement to better compete in the international market, as seen foremost by the efforts of Samsung. For the music industry, this meant the incorporation of concepts like difficult dance moves, high-production music videos, and music shows —all now common trademarks of K-Pop. Though it took time, these unique characteristics adapted to face and attract a more international audience despite cultural and linguistic barriers. While the process started well before him, Psy became the first global indicator of this slow shift in influence.  BTS performing at the AMAs. | Kevin Winter, Getty Images The process is not complete just yet, but it is still going strong. BTS recently appeared on the American Music Awards, garnering intense surprise from the general public from the group’s jaw-dropping performance, their social media power, and the size of their American fandom. K-Star Road, created in 2015, is a testament to this rise. Although designed for the enjoyment of tourists rather than the Korean people, it shows what the nation has achieved in just six decades and the soft power that is becoming an ever larger source of Korea’s prominence in the world.  The street’s bears represent the size of the overseas popularity of the artists they represent. Each bear has a specific design inspired from the concept of the chosen K-Pop group, a small sign with a picture of the group and their name in both English and Korean in case the fan cannot easily identify the bear, and if the bear is fortunate, signatures from those it represents. After every three or four bears there is a stand equipped with a map of the surrounding area, identifying the location of each bear, notable entertainment agencies in the area, and stores deemed as “favorites among stars,” and a guide to make the most of the road. Though there is Korean present, English covers most of the stand.  At one end of the road sits Gangnamdol Haus, a shop that sells miniature versions of the bears and employs someone who can usually speak Korean, English, Japanese, and Mandarin. Unlike other monuments in Seoul that have a good balance of native and foreign visitors, mainly foreign tourists frequent and take pictures with the bears, in contrast to the large number of native Koreans who walk by without a glance. The natives’ lack of strong association with Hallyu — the Korean Wave — may stem from just how recent the phenomenon is. The K-Star Road’s construction very conspicuously followed the 2012 popularity of “Gangnam Style” as Apgujeong Rodeo is a prominent part of Gangnam district. With the creation of the road, the Korean government is clearly marking Hallyu as an important part of the nation’s history. However, while most Koreans are familiar with the term Hallyu, it has not directly affected their everyday lives and therefore is not immediately perceived as a historical turning point or an important indicator of national prominence. After playing a game of catch-up and being influenced by the West for so long, the shift in perceiving their own capabilities and influence is, for now, subtle. The installation of K-Star Road is the Korean government’s recognition of Korea’s growing soft power, the full extent of which has not been fully realized yet. However, what is important to notice is the give and take of global and local cultures that reflects the integration of Korea into a more globalized world. Korea is not suddenly immune to the hegemonic, Western influencers of pop culture. K-Star Road has some reminisce of Hollywood’s Walk of Fame, and the intense surprise of the public towards BTS’ AMA performance is indicative that Hallyu is still categorized as counterhegemonic. But the interest it is attracting is undoubtedly significant, and maybe it is only a question of time until K-Star Road will be as recognized as its — for now — much more famous Los Angeles counterpart. 
 Embarrassment has spread through the Seoul SXP team as five students attended a WIL talk with Korean president, Moon Jae-In. The Korean president appeared shocked as he entered an almost vacant Seoul HQ, and was asked by Nikesh to sign in.  Moon was contacted by SXP’s Anna Kim, who shared a room with his niece while living in a pop-up startup commune in Hongdae. Anna asked President Moon if he would be interested in talking to the Minerva students. Moon offered to host students for a dinner and conversation at his official residence, but the offer was turned down by Kim who was worried the commute would deter many students.  Upon arriving in Seoul HQ, Moon was directed to the side room, where a few students were practicing yoga on the wooden floor. Allia Fredrickhek, who was leading the yoga session asked Moon if he reserved the room. When learning he didn’t, she asked him to wait outside until they finished. Fredrickhek was later quoted saying that Moon was extremely rude to disturb “the only time in the week where I can relax”.  As Moon sat down on the Yellow couches, 2019 student, Kate Mermer, noticed the Korean president and approached him. Mermer greeted Moon with an enthusiastic “it’s so awesome to meet you, like, I have so much to ask you. Oh my god, I’m just finishing this paragraph and I’ll be right with you”.  There were originally over 15 students who signed up to the co-curricular, but only 5 showed up. The other students explained that they failed to assess their workload and couldn’t join. One student who didn’t sign up claimed he gave up the opportunity because “Moon doesn’t come from a field I’m interested in, so I’m not sure how much I’ll get out of this”. Following the Minerva experience, Moon headed straight over to the Ministry of Education, where he ordered the ministry to investigate the “fake online school of entitled foreigners”.  The incident came at an unfortunate time, as the WIL with North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-Un was canceled for a second time last week due to lack of student interest. Jong-Un was reportedly furious about the issue, threatening a ballistic missile strike targeting Minerva’s SF HQ. Our experts aren’t worried, pointing out that North Korea lacks the capability to hit something so high and mighty. Thanks to Yoav Rabinovich for contributions made to the article. 
 The first sentence of the introduction to the Charter of the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) states, “Minerva​ ​is​ ​currently​ ​a​ ​small​ ​enough​ ​student​ ​body​ ​where​ ​excessive​ ​bureaucracy​ ​is​ ​not necessary.” Apparently, that has changed.  Yesterday, December 7, the six current representatives held an open meeting to discuss and vote on twenty amendments to the charter, found here. An early and important one was to extend the ASM term length from a semester to a year. The meeting progressed for more than an hour amid lengthy discussions, including some around changes adopted having typos that could not be removed because representatives were unable to agree on whether it was acceptable to change the wording mishaps during the voting.  Formalization and complication are creeping in. Members of the Class of 2019 wrote the current charter at the turn of 2016/2017 after lengthy iterative processes. The Class of 2020 quickly responded by attempting to draft their own student government constitution. They failed to do so in the short time given, and members of that class passed 2019’s charter in a referendum. The charter is complex and probably has not been read by most students. Further, the representatives have not always been able to act in accordance with it perfectly.  Ironically, the process of amending this complexity is exactly what has not been enacted: originally, the ASM was supposed to vote on amendments suggested through its open inquiry form every two weeks. No amendment was introduced until the term length came up again on November 15, 2017, at which point the current ASM held a vote to end the biweekly practice and push the vote to a semesterly one occurring in the last month. However, what was designed to stop bureaucracy from piling up led to representatives immediately becoming frustrated at the first ever major vote taken on amendments. Amendments to the charter can be made in two ways: the ASM votes on them and needs to approve unanimously, or if they fail to find agreement, the student body votes on them in referenda during the elections, where a two-thirds-majority is needed to pass.  A new addition is that if 20% of any cohort write to support an amendment, they can force a student vote on it, bypassing the ASM. Theoretically, this policy is supposed to stop bureaucracy and pointless voting that bores students. If the ASM can quickly pass amendments, there are fewer decision-making costs.  Nobody wants students to have to read through and reason about minor wording changes in internal ASM structures.  However, what was designed to stop bureaucracy from piling up led to representatives immediately becoming frustrated at the first ever major vote taken on amendments. Unfortunately, some of the suggested amendments had spelling mistakes. For example, instead of approving that all amendment votes will be in the last month, they must now be ‘no later than four weeks before the semester ends,’ so, before the last month. When one representatives started live editing the amendment document to correct this, others stepped in and a discussion ensued on whether they could correct these spelling mistakes while in voting session with the proponent of the amendment present, or whether a new suggestion could be submitted while in session.  In the end, no decision was taken. There are now unintended typos in our charter. A future amendment to fix this process may be helpful. Apart from these quarrels, the vote did bring about a major change in what student government at Minerva will look like: representatives will, from now on, serve one-year terms starting in January and ending in December. The change had previously been supported by 58% of the student body in the last election (held in September), but not the necessary two-thirds supermajority.  The ASM passed it unanimously, stating several immediate benefits. Firstly, one-year terms allow the time to work on more ambitious projects and make real change, which the current structure has not sufficiently allowed. Secondly, it provides clarity on who represents the student body over the summer months. Lastly, the spring elections correspond with the first-ever vote for first-year students, so they will be both less confused and represented. The ASM was divided on whether to pass an additional amendment to demand ASM introductory sessions in Foundation Week for new students. The student body will decide on this in the next election. Other changes include that elections will now be in week two and that campaigning can occur ‘before Election week,’ which may be interpreted rather freely. This  was also noted as an apparent typo that should be corrected in future. With the quickly growing ASM size, functionality would help, both for the ASM to divide its operations, and for staff and administration to communicate efficiently with the ASM. However, future ASM representatives may work against each other. The ASM also introduced more structure to its own operations, like a representative chair to organize their meetings, and a formal need to send the biweekly newsletter that was introduced this semester.  While Class of 2019 representative Alberto Martinez de Arenaza described this as guidance for future representatives, adding structure does not take away the semblance of bureaucracy that surrounded the meeting.  As a countermeasure, the representatives voted to reduce the need to come to monthly cross-class ASM meetings from all representatives to one per cohort. This relates to a larger upcoming issue that as the student body grows, the requirement for three representatives per cohort means that by January there will be 12 representatives (three for 2019, three for 2020, three for each of the two 2021 cohorts), and by next year this could go up to 18 or more depending on the number of cohorts in the Class of 2022, and so forth. With this in mind, Class of 2020 representative Vinicius Miranda introduced the most controversial amendment: pairing ASM representatives with senior team members as unique points of contact. Currently, the ASM works as an open collective where representatives tackle the issues facing the student body that they care most about.  This can lead to “fragmented communication,” as Class of 2019 representatives Skye Hersh calls it, where several ASM representatives are contacting the same staff member. The change would reduce the complexity and move the ASM towards a division by more functional roles. While the amendment voting showed that the ASM is sliding towards an overly formal path bogged down by specifics, it also offered needed change in the form of term-length expansion. Most attendants “agree[d] with the spirit” of the change, as Shajara Roshdy put it, but pointed out that more thought needs to go into this change before formalizing it.  With the quickly growing ASM size, functionality would help, both for the ASM to divide its operations, and for staff and administration to communicate efficiently with the ASM. However, future ASM representatives may work against each other and this could undermine the ASM’s unified image with administration when there are specified points of contact. It may be ineffective to have, for example, a Student Affairs point of contact in Berlin when students in San Francisco urgently need to speak to that staff member. Another idea floated was to have this division within every cohort, but this has not been added as a proposal yet.  Miranda voted for his idea while all others disagreed, stating that he supports it as a “more transparent accountability mechanism,” and will thereby be including it on the student ballot in January to get a better image of their thoughts on his idea.  While the amendment voting showed that the ASM is sliding towards an overly formal path bogged down by specifics, it also offered needed change in the form of term-length expansion, and ideas for the future of the ASM that the student body has to take seriously if it wants to progress towards having more say in decision-making at our university. On a side note, it was a pleasure to see the conviction of one attending student who was raising her hand during the first few votes in the genuine belief she was approving the amendments and had come to participate in an open deliberation about the future of her university. She was sad to receive confused looks and stopped when a representative pointed out to her that she could not actually vote. We leave it to the reader to make their own assumptions about what that says about awareness and understanding of ASM activities in the student body. Correction 8 December 2017, 15:12 KST: A previous version of this article claimed that the November vote was held only to change the amendment voting from biweekly to semesterly. Vinicius Miranda, one of the three representatives for the Class of 2020, pointed out that the vote was prompted by a suggestion to change the term length, which was taken as an opportunity to also change the voting frequency.
 Louis Brickman, Gabriella Grahek and Sadie-Rae Werner contributed to this report. SEOUL — Students in the Classes 2019 and 2020, both based in Seoul for the 2017 fall term, have begun to turn their attention towards the coming spring semester in Hyderabad, India. The student visa process for India kicked off in mid-October and has gone through many iterations as students and staff work to overcome the logistical and bureaucratic hurdles of processing more than 200 student visas. The move to Hyderabad will be the fifth rotation for the Class of 2019 and third for Class of 2020. The fall academic term ends next week, on December 17, and students can start to arrive at Minerva’s Hyderabad residence as early as December 28, with official Minerva programing beginning January 5, 2018.  In preparation for this transition, the official Pre-Departure Orientation (PDO) — an event hosted before each new city in the rotation by Minerva Student Affairs & Operations to prepare students for the next city in the rotation — was held at the Seoul Minerva residence on November 17. Minerva’s Hyderabad Director of Student Affairs & Operations, Ishmeet Kaur, presented at PDO to inform students about the necessary logistical and cultural preparations before arriving in Hyderabad.  Within two weeks of PDO, word spread that Kaur was no longer working full time for Minerva. This surprised many students since the announcement came just one month before students arrive in Hyderabad.  Rumors suggested conflicting reasons for Kaur’s unexpected departure and heightened some students’ concerns about the transition to the new city. “Hiring in cities can be a long and challenging process. Minerva tries to find people with the right skills and expertise, who will be a good fit for Minerva and be able to support students. Sometimes that works, but sometimes that doesn’t, and for lots of different reasons.” On December 3, Katie Hyon, the Seoul Director of Student Affairs & Operations, confirmed in an email to the relevant portion of the student body (Classes 2019 and 2020) that Kaur is no longer working full time at Minerva. Simultaneously, Minerva formally announced the new Hyderabad Director of Student Affairs & Operations is Bhavani Aadimoolam, whose background can be viewed by Minerva students and staff here.    Hyon wrote, “Unfortunately, Ishmeet was ultimately unable to work full time with Minerva due to personal reasons. We respect her privacy, and wish her nothing but the best! We had been in touch with Bhavani earlier this fall, and we are very excited that we now have a Director.” When asked for further details about this transition, Hyon clarified that beyond being respectful of Kaur’s privacy, there are legal restrictions surrounding what Minerva is able to publicly share regarding employee information and personal records.  Hyon emphasized, “Hiring in cities can be a long and challenging process. Minerva tries to find people with the right skills and expertise, who will be a good fit for Minerva and be able to support students. Sometimes that works, but sometimes that doesn’t, and for lots of different reasons.”  The Minerva Quest attempted to contact Kaur directly for comment but received no reply.  Beyond the official PDO, Class of 2020 students Sara Merner and Manojna Namuduri, who spent the past summer in Hyderabad, hosted unofficial information sessions earlier in November to address student concerns. The events focused primarily on topics relating to female safety, but also safe food consumption and transportation.  The highlights from the sessions include: dressing modestly, only buying cooked food that is still warm, and purchasing only bottled water from recognized brands. For female students, it is recommended to travel in groups at night, and with male students when going to older parts of the city.  Each city in Minerva’s global rotation — San Francisco, Berlin, Buenos Aires, and Seoul — comes with its own unique challenges and rewards. These aspects touch every part of daily life and range from internet accessibility and language barriers, to cultural customs and street safety, all of which will be put to the test in this next rotation. The first days in India will be a significant adjustment period as students transition from the relative ease and extreme safety of life in Seoul to a new environment in Hyderabad. Check out our article describing Hyderabad and how to best prepare for the city here.
 SEOUL — On a walk to Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf this morning, an unidentified Minerva student reportedly tumbled into a deep hole in the street. Witnesses report that the student was staring at their phone at the time of the incident. Whether this was an attempt to integrate with Korean culture or mere coincidence is yet unclear.  After the initial shock, multiple witness testimonies confirm that bystanders rushed to the scene to offer assistance, which the student refused. The student reportedly explained, “It’s really not so bad in here. Sure, I was shocked when I first started slipping, but the fall was much faster than I expected and once I hit the bottom I just thought, ‘Now that I’m running at least two minutes late, I might as well make a new life for myself here.’” Meekly was able to reach the student for comment via Facebook Messenger. When pressed on the decision to remain in the hole despite numerous rescue attempts by friends and staff the student replied, “I get that people are trying to help me, but at this point I don’t even think I could accept the help.” It’s unclear how long the student plans to remain in the hole. The student told The Meekly: “I still have battery on my phone and apparently there’s a Paris Baguette nearby because I’m connected to their wifi, so if I get hungry I can always just start screaming and see if someone will drop in a muffin.” Friends of the student seem to be in agreement that they will “probably visit every once in awhile” but none seem particularly excited to get in the hole themselves as they all “have their own shit to deal with.”  Our sources are unclear as to what the hole was doing in the street to begin with. Representatives of the hole refused to comment at this time.
 Hello, 2019 and 2020! This is our side of the Cross-Class Vlog. Meet Steven Steel, Abishek Dharshan, Miguel Cacanindin, and myself — Anna Graves! Act as if we all didn’t completely overdo our intros and get ready to peek into our year from across the sea. See y’all later. – Anna, Class of 2021 *** Check back in here weekly for the Minerva Quest’s cross-class vlogs, led by Kroner in the class of 2020 and Anna Graves in the class of 2021. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 Sitting in front of my computer screen watching grainy security footage from the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ; the 248-kilometer area lying along the South and North Korean border) of a jeep crashing into a tree, followed by several soldiers running up to a low wall and shooting at the driver who had stumbled out of the vehicle I feel a chill run through me. It was only a few hours before, that I had been standing mere meters from the place where the North Korean soldier in the video had defected two weeks earlier.  The DMZ is perhaps South Korea’s unhappiest tourist attraction. Visitors from around the world come to the DMZ to get a taste of the forbidden fruit in the form of a military escorted tour of the Joint Security Area (JSA) and/or tunnels dug by North Korea in an attempt to infiltrate South Korea.  The Military Demarcation Line (MDL) that divides North and South Korea, is often referred to as the 38th Parallel, the line of latitude it was originally intended to run along, though in reality it runs across it on an angle. The line is not denoted by a large, imposing wall in the style Berlin was once divided. Instead, the MDL is marked by 1,292 signs. Though rusted beyond readability, they once read “Military Demarcation Line” in English and Korean on the southern side and Chinese and Korean on the northern.  Driving north from Seoul on a grey day in late November, the landscape changes rapidly from the modernity of the city to the dull brown of farmers’ fields. It does not feel as though we have been driving as long as we ought before the guide, a Korean-Canadian woman called Laura, points out an abrupt break in the tree coverage; the first glimpse of North Korea. Sadie-Rae Werner | Sign in Imjingak Park denoting the distances between itself, Soul, and Gaeseong in North Korea For those not entering the DMZ, the last stop is Imjingak Park, the northernmost park in South Korea. The park hosts regular festivals where farmers from the surrounding area sell rice and beans. It is also home to the Freedom Bridge, or the Bridge of No Return. The small, rickety-looking wooden bridge was built at the end of the Korean War in order to exchange some 13,000 prisoners. Those who crossed the bridge would not be able to cross back. Today, the bridge is fenced off to all but the ghosts of those who crossed it into the freedom of South Korea or the isolation of the North.  To enter Camp Boniface, the United Nations military installation in the DMZ, one must pass through two ID check points. The first stop upon entering the military post is a security briefing given by one of the soldiers stationed there.  The DMZ was created in 1953, at the end of the Korean War. Though Camp Boniface is manned primarily by American and South Korean Soldiers, like most of the military installations in Korea, it is under the control of the United Nations (most military installations in South Korea are under American or South Korean control), meaning the land belongs to neither country. Despite creating what was likely intended to be an uncontestable zone for the two countries to work toward peace and reunification, the section of land has not been incident free.  The North Korean soldiers who stand facing into South Korea within the Joint Security Area (JSA) do so in violation of the July 27, 1953 armistice signed as part of the cease fire. Their violations include not wearing the arm-bands required of any soldier who is armed.  Incidents in the DMZ are unfortunately not all this benign. In 1976, when some UN soldiers went to cut down a tree that had grown to block the view between two UN structures, they were quickly bombarded by North Korean soldiers who hacked two UN soldiers to death with the axes they had brought to trim the tree. This has come to be known as the Axe Murder Incident or Tree Trimming Incident.  In 1984, a Soviet citizen visiting North Korea on a tour of the DMZ ran across the border in an attempt to defect from the Soviet Union, resulting in a shootout. The man defected successfully but one soldier on each side was killed.  In more recent years, North Korean soldiers have been placing landmines in the open spaces along the roads, resulting in two South Korean soldiers losing their legs when they accidentally came into contact with them while on patrol. The land currently within the DMZ was not empty, but rather the longtime home of the village of Daesong-dong. The 194 farmers continue to live in the DMZ, working in the fields under the protection of the soldiers stationed at Camp Boniface. Women are allowed to marry into the village, but men are not due to South Korea’s mandatory military service. The farmers in the village produce the highly coveted DMZ rice and beans, and because the land now belongs to the UN, are not subject to federal taxes making them some of the highest earning farmers on the peninsula.  The North Korean government, unable to leave anything unmatched, constructed the village of Kiljong-dong merely a stone’s throw from Daesong-dong. Kiljong-dong lies predominantly uninhabited, broadcasting North Korean propaganda music day and night. It is also home to one of the tallest flagpoles in the world standing 160 meters high with one of the largest flags in the world weighing 270 kilograms. The flag pole is positioned only 1.2 kilometers North of the South Korean flagpole in Daseong-dong.  Following the security briefing, visitors heading to the JSA are escorted by soldiers onto military busses, and driven north. Sadie-Rae Werner | Buildings sitting across the North and South Korean border. Korean soldiers stand at attention looking into North Korea. Walking through the Freedom House, there is an unmistakable tension in the air. The building was designed to give families separated by the division created after the war a chance to visit, though it has never been used for this purpose.  It is almost too quiet, the only sound comes from the loudspeaker in Kiljong-dong playing propaganda music. Blue and silver buildings stand on the other side of the Freedom House, all perfectly in line with each other. What looks like a low concrete step runs through the centre of the buildings, giving them the appearance of the players on a foosball table. Sadie-Rae Werner | Inside building T-2, a South Korean soldier stands before the door leading directly into North Korea. Inside building T-2 (temporary building two), one of the blue buildings belonging to the United Nations, are two South Korean soldiers in dark green uniforms, helmets and sunglasses. One is positioned in front of a door at the far end of the small room outfitted with several tables and chairs, and one stands at the head of one table, they are so still one could easily mistake them for statues.  Crossing the North Korean border is not the Earth-shattering moment one may expect. Walking to the back of the room to allow others to enter, it isn’t until looking out the window that one might even notice they are no longer standing in South Korea.  The JSA is disconcerting. Over 60 years of weak international relations feel palpable. The room has been used for meetings about how to run the JSA since in-person meetings about the possibility of reunification have ceased. Everything feels unsettled, like runners at the starting line waiting for the gun.  Driving back to Seoul it takes time to adjust to normalcy. The skyscrapers look different after seeing what lies less than an hour away.  Visiting the DMZ is not a fun tourist trip, but a necessary one. To understand South Korea one has to go beyond the glitz and glamour of Seoul to see the unsavoury realities that shapes one side of the culture and the land. Contact the writer: [email protected]  
 “I sincerely thought I was all out of these things,” said Jason (M2019), “I mean, every day my professors ask me for opinions on things I simply don’t understand or care about. This whole semester I’ve been throwing out opinions left and right. I’ve never had a lot of them, but these past few weeks I’ve really been down on my luck. Heck, sometimes I just start talking and see where the sentence ends in hopes I’ll find a new opinion along the way.” Jason went on to describe how, while writing an assignment late Sunday night, he used his last opinion to finish the assignment at 10:58pm.  “After that, I wasn’t sure how I was going to make it through the rest of the semester,” Jason told Meekly reporters. It was late Thursday night while Jason was “cleaning” his room — a process he describes as “really just kinda pushing the piles of stuff on the floor to a different spot with my foot” — when he saw it.  “It was this glowing light coming from underneath a pile of socks. I tried to get a better look at it, but those socks are like, really dirty, and I didn’t want to touch them, so I used one of my roommate’s t-shirts lying around as a glove to reach in.” Jason tearfully recounted the moment he realized that his discovery was, in fact, a fresh opinion, “I just…phew. I mean, times have been really tough this semester, and this…this gift. Let’s just say it’s a true Christmas miracle.”  When asked how he planned to use his newfound opinion, Jason replied, “Oh, I’ll definitely be saving this baby for a final. Or I’ll just fire it off at a town hall and see if anyone hears it. We’ll see.”  We wish Jason and his opinion all the best of luck.
 SEOUL — By now, we’ve all memorized the standard line, “Each semester, students travel to a different global city with students from more than 50 countries.” This is perhaps the largest draw for many prospective Minerva students, and certainly one of the most attention-grabbing attributes of Minerva in the media.  Among the plethora of potential ethnographic and sociocultural studies that could be conducted with such a diverse and unique student experience, one of the easiest phenomena to document is the flight routes that students undertake, particularly between Minerva’s cities. At the beginning and end of each semester, Minerva students spread out across all six inhabited continents, only to rejoin their peers in a new city thousands of kilometers away just a few weeks or months later. So I decided to map out as many of the air routes that students in the Classes of 2019 and 2020 flew between their respective cities—Buenos Aires and San Francisco—in spring 2017, and Seoul, where they both just finished the fall 2017 semester. I polled students on our internal social media groups this past summer and at the beginning of the fall semester to gather as many flight legs as possible, and ended up with close to 120 student responses, about half the Minerva student population in Seoul. The results are astounding.  Roughly half the flights that Minerva students in the Classes of 2019 and 2020 took between their spring and fall semester cities. Click on the image to view the full results. The maps speak for themselves, but still under-represent the diversity of student travel given the 50% response rate. If you take into account the other half, Minerva students currently occupying the same square block in Seoul have collectively travelled close to four million kilometers between their arrival here and their departure from last semester’s cities. That translates to almost 100 times around the globe and more than five round-trip journeys to the Moon. I don’t intend to share this merely to give yet another ego boost to the Minerva community and its self-perception as a supposedly “global” university. I don’t intend to brag about how “contemporary” we are.  Indeed, there are still many problems this community needs to address about how deeply we actually engage with the places we visit, and how genuinely students from such different cultures actually interact with each other. The map also highlights not only the limited representation of the African continent among the Minerva student body, but also the relatively peripheral role that the continent plays in today’s globalizing world — a topic worth several articles. Nevertheless, this data enables us to make insightful conclusions, while still raising serious questions about the sustainability of Minerva’s model, and globalization in general. Close-ups of the regions most traversed by Minerva students over the summer break. | Louis Brickman The most sobering number from the data is the amount of carbon emissions. From only those who responded, about 240 tons of carbon dioxide, 13 kilograms of methane, and 11 kilograms of nitrous oxide were released into the atmosphere for their travel between Minerva’s cities. Take into account all the students’ travel this past summer, and multiply it by four classes and predicted future class size, and you easily get to several thousand tons of carbon emitted per year to achieve Minerva’s global rotation. This raises fundamental questions, or at least highlights the dilemma, of Minerva’s model of global travel and exposure. On a deeper level, it challenges the ethical status of “global” citizenship and engagement so long as air travel continues to be such a large source of carbon emissions. About 240 tons of carbon dioxide, 13 kilograms of methane, and 11 kilograms of nitrous oxide were released into the atmosphere. Of course, many Minerva students, myself included, would have sought out study abroad opportunities and/or gap years abroad no matter where they had gone to college. One could also argue that these emissions are an “investment” in a group of people who will more than make up for them in the future when the exposure from their current education enables them to make positive change in the world.  So although the greenhouse gas emissions should not be taken merely at face value, they raise crucial questions about purportedly enlightened programs which reinforce the core values of globalization, precisely when we are becoming more aware of its real threat to the planet. Nevertheless, this map is an exciting portrayal of what the Internet and the airplane have enabled, in a world that was hardly imaginable two hundred years ago.   The diversity of Pacific Ocean crossings which is not immediately clear from a Eurocentric map projection. | Louis Brickman Keep an eye out for the second edition of this map series, which will showcase the rapid, two-week diffusion and reuniting of Minerva students from Seoul to Hyderabad, India, where they will spend the next semester.
 “Every organized person falls in love with the chaos that is India.” These words describe my upbringing in the capital of world’s biggest democracy. It’s one of those place where a semi-organized person like me, who, theoretically, would never like to live there, loves every moment that he has spent there. This article is a small glimpse of my motherland, specifically Hyderabad, in terms that can be understood, related to, and immersed in. Before I dive into the description of life in India, I want to touch on some important things that one must know before entering India: India is the world’s biggest democracy. And when I say the biggest democracy, I mean every sphere of democracy is very widely visible. Protests (dharnas), demonstrations, strikes and rallies are common in India, many of which turn violent at some point. You should experience this immense public power in action, but you must also be very careful of your safety. Keep in mind: Booking flights to India can be a daunting task, especially for Hyderabad, since Hyderabad isn’t the biggest hub of international flights. The nearest hubs are Chennai and Bangalore. You can book a domestic flight from either of them to Hyderabad for around $20-30. Note that Indian domestic flights are much cheaper and better than anticipated. This is because of two reasons: the intense competition, and governmental regulation. Most airlines are accountable for the prices and services that they provide. For cheap fares, you’ll likely have checked baggage and a meal included. Indian Immigration is easy enough given that you are aware of certain laws and regulations of the country:  A view of the Indian Immigration Hall at IGI Airport, Delhi (Source: asiagreenbuildings.com) India has fewer living expenses than most other countries around the world because of a few main reasons:  A morning view of a fort’s roof in Hyderabad. | Source: oyorooms.com Now that we’ve covered basic necessary information about travel to and in India, let’s take an informative tour across it. India, a country which is legally 71 years old and ethnically 9,000 years old, stands in South Asia surrounded by three sister water bodies: the Arabian Sea on the west, the Bay of Bengal on the east, and the Indian Ocean in the south. It has 29 states and seven Union Territories. Hyderabad is in the state of Telangana. It was originally under the mother state of Andhra Pradesh (AP) before the very recent division resulting in the formation of Telangana. Union Territories (mentioned above) are special administrative regions that have their own government. They are usually very small and have a unique cultural heritage. The closest and one of the most beautiful Union Territories to Hyderabad is Pondicherry. Bus tickets to Pondicherry from Hyderabad are $20 while flights cost around $200. Another very beautiful Union Territory is the Andaman and Nicobar Islands which are located in the middle of Bay of Bengal and can be accessed via flight or overnight cruise ship. Return cruise ship tickets to Andaman Islands from Chennai (a coastal city southeast of Hyderabad) cost $50 to $100. Hyderabad lies in the southeastern region of the Indian Peninsula and a 10 hour drive from the nearest beach.  It was established 450 years ago by the Qutb Shahi dynasty before being occupied by the Mughals. For reference, the Mughal dynasty, a Muslim kingdom, was one of the strongest dynasties in the southern Asia, ruling for four centuries over a huge area spanning from Afghanistan to South India. Much of Hyderabad’s culture, food, and religion is influenced by the Mughal dynasty.  A portrait of the Mughal Nizam(ruler) of Hyderabad at the Chowmohallah Hyderabad is fed by the Musi river in the north and thus, doesn’t face water supply issues. It has a tropical climate throughout the year ranging from 15 to 29 degrees Celsius, making it a climatically tolerable city. As you walk across the streets of Hyderabad, time seems to have slowed down. It looks like London in the 18th century except that most of the architecture is influenced by Middle Eastern designs. Hyderabad is currently going through a boom in their technology industry, interesting insight into how a technological hub is shaped. This city has a lot to say, if you’re willing to sit down and listen. The people of Hyderabad speak an interesting mix of Urdu, Hindi, Telugu and English (just four out of 1652 regional languages that are recognized across India). Hyderabad was an important hub for the development of modern Urdu, which sounds very similar to Hindi with the exception of some vocabulary. A wide variety of sounds can be heard–a man reading a nawaz in Urdu, a woman chanting Hindu prayers, a huge advertisement screaming in English, or a group of women chatting about each other’s husbands in Telugu. This mix is unique to this city and has fascinated the millions of tourists who come every year to experience the urban chaos that is Hyderabad.  A busy street in the old city of Hyderabad. | andhrawishesh.com While English signs are common, most workers won’t know English. As such, it is recommended to know basic terms and keywords in one of the native languages spoken in the city. While learning the Hindu, Urdu or Telugu alphabet is difficult and not recommended for students who are staying/travelling for three to four months, resources to learn are cheap and very accessible. And as we start our journey in Hyderabad, exploration across the religious and cultural sites, such as the forts, gates of Hyderabad, and biggest temples is highly recommended. One can travel in Hyderabad on auto-rickshaws (a three-wheeled vehicle similar to tuk tuks in Thailand), taxis, the Hyderabad Tourist Bus (Hop-on Hop-off bus), mobile taxis, metro etc. The metro is fairly new and limited, and mobile taxi service (mainly OlaCabs and Uber) are prevalent across the city. Olacabs provides a taxi, bike, auto, pool taxi or premium taxi service for two to five dollars. While city bus system is very accessible, it is not recommended for people of foreign origin. Public transport in India is fairly cheap due to high governmental subsidies in an attempt to make it accessible to everyone. The accessibility results in tightly packed buses that are difficult to get on. Hyderabad, about five times the size of San Francisco, is divided into three main areas: the new city, old city, and Secunderabad. The old city is the original territory of the Mughal dynasty while the new city houses major tech companies and modern houses. Secunderabad is literally a sister city of Hyderabad, housing mainly military cantonments, major housing complexes and other modern facilities. One of Hyderabad’s biggest highlights is the pearl industry. It’s known as the city of pearls because of its huge pearl markets that are spread across the city. No one leaves Hyderabad before buying enough pearls to look like a Nawab, governor of a dynasty, themselves.  A pearl shop in Hyderabad. | hyderabadonline.in Minervans will experience a very strong religious belief in people. The practice of two main religions in Hyderabad, Islam and Hinduism, can be widely observed on every street. Temples and Mosques are very common, and many have their own stories to tell, some of which are deep and mind-boggling. Each Hindu temple here is dedicated to a certain god, one of 33 million gods of India. There’s a lot to see, lot to digest and a lot to learn. There is so much to speak and experience about Hyderabad that hundreds of books could be written on it.
 Kate Gilbert and Micaela Mastropietro contributed to this report. SEOUL — On a cold Saturday in late November, a South Korean family comes together to have an open barbeque before they begin their annual kimchi making, the traditional Korean fermented cabbage dish that accompanies most meals.  Kimchi-making day is an important family event in Korea, giving a son reason to visit his parents. The place he comes to visit, though, is not a modern apartment building, let alone any of Gangnam’s glitzy high rises, but rather the small Guryong village, an encampment of make-shift houses on the outskirts of Seoul’s foremost business district. The family making barbeque in Guryong Village before they begin the hard work of kimchi-making day. | Kate Gilbert Guryong Village rests at the southern edge of the Gangnam district, in a city that is lauded as the capital of one of the largest economic success stories of East Asia, rising from the ruins of the Korean War as one of the world’s poorest countries to grow its economy to 55 times its size just half a century ago – and become the 11th-largest economy in the world today. Not all South Koreans benefitted equally. Today, the country is coming to grips with a growing senior poverty crisis. Almost half of the country’s seniors live below the nation’s poverty line, about $5675 per capita. Several causes stand out. On the one hand, Koreans enjoy good free health care, and so live longer than people in most other nations. On the other hand, however, jobs for the elderly are sparse, and the pension system does not give them enough to maintain their living standards. This culminates in poverty when children themselves cannot care for their parents, as expected in the country’s Confucian tradition, and the state has yet to catch up to this daunting reality.  For many, poverty is accompanied by an isolated life with little support, which contributes to Korea having by far the lowest score on its state of community out of all OECD members, a group of developed nations, with 24% of Koreans saying they are not sure someone would be there for them in cases of emergency. The village, situated at the foot of Mount Guryong, represents some of the worst outcomes of this crisis. It formed after evictions of lower class residents in the real estate boom leading up to the 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul, which were heralded as the turning point for South Korea as a modern nation. The losers of the boom ended up here, and since then Guryong has grown to about 2,000, primarily elderly, residents today. A typical view of the village. | Louis Brickman The son visiting his parents in the village says he is a doctor with a stable job and his own family, yet his parents have ended up here. This points to another aspect of the senior poverty crisis: many parents spend heavily to give their children the best possible education, but in modern Korea many of the children cannot care for their parents, and they live apart.  An elderly member of the community excitedly tells stories of his prior travels to the United States and various European countries, but somehow he too has had to make this village his home.  Annie Su, a retired women originally from Busan, says she has lived here for almost 30 years. Su standing in front of her home while offering coffee to her visitors. | Kate Gilbert Despite how it may look from the outside, living in the slum does not exclude its residents from basic services. Mail arrives regularly, and in 2011 the government distributed temporary residency cards allowing residents to vote. Some houses also have running water and electricity, and many have gas cylinders that enable residents to cook on small stoves.  The village even has its own small church in a building on the main road. Each house has a sign with an address and primary occupant’s name. | Kate Gilbert A major problem for the community is risk of fire. Many households use coal briquettes for heating, which can easily burst into flames and as well as release toxic gases. One of the many piles of burnt coal briquettes in the village. | Kate Gilbert The houses have insulation to protect them from the cold, but the material is not covered by any outer layer in most places, and because it is highly flammable, parts of the village have burnt down 14 times in the past eight years. Firefighters frequently visit to check on the houses, and fire extinguishers are placed prominently in the center of the village. A firefighter joined the open barbeque with the family. | Kate Gilbert While residents here face many difficulties, they have maintained their generosity to outsiders and welcome visitors with smiles, warm coffee and food.  Editor’s note: The Quest’s reporters were not able to report deeply on the reality and background stories of Guryong’s residents because of the language barrier. 
 Despite the overwhelming success of both previous classes, the Class of 2021 is still not immersed in San Francisco.  A senior team meeting was called by Ben Nelson last Monday, (January 1st) to deal with this lack of immersion. During the meeting, Chief Experience Officer Robin Goldberg, described the grim reality that students in the class of 2021 refrain from smoking weed in Dolores Park, avoid sex dungeons, and don’t purchase acid from strangers in Golden Gate Park.  “We’re not sure what’s wrong with them,” says Goldberg, “we give each class a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to explore drugs and sex, but these nerds choose to stay in the residence halls. I get that culture shock might slow you down for the first month, but after a whole semester they’re still a bunch of sober losers. What will the parents think when they learn they sent their precious child to San Francisco, and all they have to show is a selfie with the Golden Gate bridge?” Suspicion arose after a casual discussion among Minerva staff when Capri LaRocca noticed that no one shared a story about encountering Minerva students in a drag show or at parties for people over 21. The contrast with the two earlier classes was obvious, especially after the infamous incident where a student from 2020 was tripping balls in Golden Gate park, and thought a Minerva Staffer was a box of chicken nuggets. This new and unexpected situation alarmed the staff, prompting the senior team to wonder if the class of 2021 are even college students.  There are many speculations surrounding this immersion failure. Some staff claim the stress of the new academic policies is taking a toll. The class has unusually high grades and sobriety rates are off the charts. The academic team is looking into this odd situation, but many staff members are claiming that 2021 “just kinda suck.”  Minerva staff members are currently considering a wide range of strategies to increase immersion. Sources report that Jesse Silberberg has left a small bud in the 851 common room as a lure. Despite the efforts made to promote this experiential learning, it’s still uncertain if the class of 2021 will ever immerse in San Francisco.
 Within the last twelve months, over 60% of undergraduate students in the US have “felt overwhelming anxiety,” over 40% have “felt so depressed that it was difficult to function,” and over 10% have “seriously considered suicide,” according to Spring 2017 data from 92 US institutions surveyed by the National College Health Assessment. Where does Minerva fit in this landscape?  Minerva’s own mental health surveys show we are not an exception to the trends shown at other US colleges, according to Dr. James Lyda, Director of Mental Health Services.  Dr. Lyda notes that Minerva students generally experience a similar level of mental health struggles to that of the average college student. However, he also notes that over the past two years he has seen 50% of first-year Minerva students for consultation at least once — twice the US college average.  While an increased rate of support-seeking could indicate less stigma within the student body around therapy consultation, it also raises the question as to why so many Minerva students are in need of such support.  It is no surprise Minerva brings unique stress factors to a student’s college education — it is an undeniably unique experience. Students begin in San Francisco for eight months then relocate every four months for the following three years, travelling to new countries with a diverse, cross-cultural student body. All the while, Minerva is still in its early years, undergoing rapid institutional change that influences student experience.  Stress factors beyond the basic innovative institutional framework may influence student mental health. For example, the high academic standards require prioritizing academic work, while Minerva’s unique framework of traveling each semester creates pressure to conquer city immersion. Extensive community engagement opportunities, high expectations for professional development, and work-study add further stress.  All of this raises the question: what does Minerva as an institution value most? Being extraordinary or being well? In an ideal world, the two might coexist, but in reality, it seems there are trade-offs.  As one student framed it, “Yes, Minerva is the opportunity of a lifetime — it is supposed to be demanding and challenging — but to what extent? At what cost? This place is supposed to make us better, not break us down.”  Minerva prioritizes student success, and five of its eight academic learning outcomes directly or indirectly refer to wellness: Minerva graduates should “develop self-reliance,” “be resilient […] to learn and recover from failure and disappointment,” “value and take care of […] physical health, mental health, and wellness,” “understand the importance of work-life balance” and “be able to ask for and provide support,” as Teri Cannon, Chief Student Affairs & Operations Officer at Minerva and member of the senior team, told the Quest.  In practice so far, this has meant establishing robust individual support mechanisms and trying to raise mental health concerns not just in the mental health team but across staff and faculty.  Minerva has taken a developmental approach to students’ mental health, meaning they focus on individual circumstances in helping people to cope better with the stress levels that can come with the Minerva experience. To do this, Minerva has a mental health team in each city where students are hosted  in addition to the residence advisors, residence life coordinators, and a student affairs team. These professionally staffed mental health teams are designed to assist students on the ground in each city. Minerva also partners with the International Student Support Program (ISSP) for outside services, and there is a Student Support Network that establishes itself in each cohort’s freshman year at Minerva. “Stress is not always bad, but it can be,” says Dr. Lyda.  To recognize when stress turns into a problem, Minerva has a Community Care Initiative (CCI) through which staff and faculty meet weekly, or more frequently when emergencies arise, to discuss concern about individual student cases in each city. This group of staff and faculty look for patterns of deterioration in individual students and decide which students to monitor, when to step in, and who from the Minerva community should, and is most appropriate to, support those students. All Minerva staff and faculty know that they should refer concerns about students to the CCI.  While the mental health team helps with assessing the level of concern, it can often be other actors who will be better placed to support those in need. At the end of the year, the CCI reviews its actions and attempts to improve future mental health initiatives for the community.  Minerva’s student body is chosen to be diverse. With a diversity of people also come divergent experiences, including those with stress and mental health. The Quest interviewed and invited students to submit anonymous feedback on their mental health experience at Minerva. The responses show an image of overwhelming struggles, but also hope and perseverance. One student worries that there is an “enormous problem in tone, both coming from the students, in cynicism and assuming worst intent, and administration, in defensiveness and assuming all claims are unfounded.”  Several students spoke to  feeling a culture of “negativity.”  Further, a student believes that, “sometimes it appears that those who need help the most do not reach out to get it,” and that medical assistance is not always available. A one-off sickness can “become a snowball of work and stress” that overwhelms students, because there is little room to fall behind academically.  Another student alluded to the tradeoffs inherent to Minerva’s model, explaining that, “there is no time to take care of myself if I want to be included and engaged in the Minerva community.”  On the other hand, one student expressed that, although “Minerva has definitely increased my levels of anxiety […] all my professors, people in the academic team and Minerva staff have been understanding and helpful, going to great lengths to help me cope and do well academically.”  Another exclaimed that they “have never been so grateful for an institution or a set of people, or really my own ability to make good of the situation I’m in.”  Most of the support mechanisms that are currently in place focus on dealing with individual struggles and needs. This is changing.  Cannon has approved the launch of a Minerva Wellness Initiative, “to promote a culture within Minerva that supports awareness of what it means to live a healthy and fulfilling life and encourages everyone to make choices and engage in activities that contribute to their wellbeing.”  Its first iteration came in the form of a music program for the Class of 2021 students in San Francisco.  As a next step, Laura Corallini, the Global Student Affairs Manager who leads the pilot in the 2018 spring semester, is looking for students to work as wellness ambassadors and  help develop engaging wellness activities. She wants to “try multiple kinds of programming to appeal to as many students as possible” and promises to continuously “assess and refine [programming], based on data and student feedback.” The intention is for a shift towards more concern for community wellbeing, beyond individual wellbeing, as a key part of mental health. The effort will also address student expectations.  Stress can be about perception, not action, as Dr. Lyda notes. Minerva’s mantra of “achieving extraordinary” may mean different things to different staff, faculty, and students. The interplay of those expectations with individual perceptions of personal and collective stress can contribute to heightened insecurity. Cannon and Dr. Lyda agree that the whole organization should look at how Minerva may perpetuate stress in this way, and have a conversation about how Minerva as an institution can take care of its community members better. Mental health at Minerva is not yet extraordinary. Fortunately there is a willingness to change this. Time will tell if it is possible to have a university that prepares students for life in highly stressful environments by giving them not just the academic and professional capabilities, but also the tools to achieve holistic health and wellness needed for success.  As one student puts it, “I don’t think Minerva is unique in its struggles, but I do think it lacks ‘innovation’ in the student wellness department. If we’re trying to be an innovative university, shouldn’t that be part of it?”
 Pyeongchang (평창), home of the 2018 Olympic Winter…cabbage?  On February 9, in one month, athletes and tourists from around the world will flock to Korea for the most anticipated sporting event of the season: the PyeongChang 2018 Olympic Winter Games.  This year, proudly hosted in some city you’ve never heard of, but assume matters.  Cabbages being grown in front of a house in Pyeongchang. | Sadie-Rae Werner Pyeongchang is located approximately two and a half hours by bus east of Seoul and is home to 9,940 people.  Not to be confused with Pyeongyang (평양), the similarly named North Korean capital, Pyeongchang is a small town where the main occupation is farming and kimchi making. The spelling of Pyeongchang has been changed slightly to add a capital ‘C,’ making it: PyeongChang, in order to avoid international confusion about the Olympic Games being hosted in the North Korean capital due to the proximity of the names.  When South Korea won the bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics, the country decided that after showcasing the hyper-developed capital of Seoul in 1988, this time they would introduce the world to the beauty of the Korean countryside.  That beauty, even in the biting cold of late November, is unmissable. The town is nestled at the base of several mountains that rise up over it, giving the appearance of being protected from the outside world.  PyeongChang Olympic Market | Sadie-Rae Werner It is possible to walk the entirety of Pyeongchang—from the bus terminal, through the winding streets and into the rows of farms that make up most of the area belonging to the town—in under two hours. The downtown streets are lined with old, run-down houses. The restaurants and shops that appear on the main street look more like an invitation into a family’s living room or kitchen than a business. The Olympic Market is unlit, and dark even in the daytime, offering wares such as screws, sheet-metal, and some local dishes made from buckwheat (the preferred grain in the county). Farm fields just outside downtown Pyeongchang. | Sadie-Rae Werner Outside the largely vacant downtown, the cabbage fields stretch out from small houses all the way back to the nearby mountains.  Despite the cold, families work, wearing sweaters and worn down pants, as they call instructions back and forth to one another.  It does not look like a place preparing to host a major sporting event, or at least not one that is aware it is going to do so.  The only acknowledgement of the Olympics anywhere in the town are a few flags along the road and a small, ramshackle display before the community centre.  The role the actual town of Pyeongchang will play come February 9 is hard to determine. The Olympic facilities are currently being constructed in the neighbouring city located in the province of Pyeongchang-gun of Daegwallyeong-myeon (대관령면) and will include all the things generally expected of an Olympic village from ski resorts to stadiums.  No plans have as of yet been announced to make any changes or build new infrastructure in the town of Pyeongchang itself. Following the controversies over how money was spent in Rio, this is perhaps to avoid stigma, but in the case of the small farming village it seems perhaps a greater investment could have been made. With so little time remaining until tourists and athletes begin to arrive, it seems unlikely any changes will be made to the town. Olympics display in front of the Pyeongchang Community Centre. | Sadie-Rae Werner Currently, there is no direct transportation from Seoul, the nearest city able to accommodate the expected influx of tourists, to the Olympic facilities. There is also no direct transportation from the town of Pyeongchang to Daegwallyeong-myeon.  A KTX-Train, Korea’s speed railway line, is being constructed between Incheon Airport and the Olympic village and is expected to be completed by the time the games begin. 
 Following a recent filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in December, the Minerva Project — the for-profit sister of Minerva Schools at KGI and developer of Minerva’s curriculum and online learning platform — has confirmed that it has launched its third, Series C round, of venture funding. Robin Goldberg, Minerva’s Chief Experience Officer, told the Quest, “We have just kicked off our next financing round and will be announcing the details right after the end of the academic year when we expect it to close.” The limited nature of information disclosed on the form allows only for the conclusion that Minerva is receiving somewhere between $13 million and $76 million in additional financing. As the round may not yet have been closed, it is unclear how much the funding will add up to. Goldberg explained, “We don’t have firm expectations but we expect this to be in between the size of our first and second rounds.” Minerva’s $25 million of Series A financing back in 2012 was provided solely by Benchmark Capital, whereas the $70 million in Series B was gathered by an array of investors, including a consortium of Chinese venture firms led by TAL Education Group, in addition to Benchmark.  The investors “will be a mix of current and past investors,” according to Goldberg. The only mention of previous investors on the filing is through the continued presence on the Project’s Board of Directors of Zhang Bangxin, the chairman and CEO of TAL, and Kevin Harvey, a general partner at Benchmark. The system of Series A, B, and C funding is typical for startups, with each round representing a further step in the growth of the company. Typically, Series C funding is the last round and indicates a certain level of maturity of the company and is intended by investors to push a company past its infancy into a successful, profitable business. For Minerva, this financing has been crucial for its growth in the past years. Goldberg clarified, “We expect that this round will be the last round we will need to raise before being self sustainable though we may choose to raise additional investor money in the future to expand. The Minerva Schools will continuously be raising money for scholarships for financial aid which is separate from money raised for the Minerva Project.” Though Minerva Schools is itself non-profit, the Minerva Project was from the start intended to ultimately be profitable. Various members of the administration and admissions team have in the past explained that it plans to turn a profit primarily through the license of its curriculum and online learning platform. The filing also highlights the recent addition of Maria Anguiano to the Minerva senior team as Chief Financial Officer.
 Us millennials are on our laptops more than ever. Taking selfies, twittering, using the Facebook… But do we really know what we’re doing? We surveyed over one human person to compile these six Meekly-approved tips for using your laptop better: We all have fingers, but should we really use all of them all the time? Most of us overuse our index fingers; maybe it’s time you give them a break. Try soaking your index fingers in a rose petal bath and let your other fingers do the work for once.  The world is a horrible, terrifying place. No YouTube binge will fix that, and you’re obviously not capable of coping with it. If you accidentally remember your insignificance, use the age-old trick of imagining your computer naked. See? Even your computer is a fat fuck. You are not alone. Do you really expect to get that application done while watching porn? Don’t be an idiot. Why is it even open? Fucking bookmark it, man. Read your computer’s body language. Make eye contact, but not too much eye contact. Make your computer feel special. Be mysterious. DO NOT CHECK OUT THE MACBOOK AIR ACROSS THE ROOM. Come on, Jason. What did we say? Give. The index finger. A break. There’s no gold up there.  As a general rule, it is not socially acceptable to lick most things, including your keyboard, laptop motherboard, and co-workers. Just keep your tongue in there and you’ll be a-ok! Wow, what great tips! What did you think of them? Were they helpful? Did they remind you of your own inevitable demise? Leave your laptop tips in the comments below! Editor’s note: For actual, allegedly useful laptop tips, check out Esther Wegner’s article on the Minerva Quest. (Results may vary. The Meekly takes no responsibility for injuries incurred while following Esther’s tips, or otherwise.)  
 Minerva just opened its fifth city — Hyderabad, India — and so far the atmosphere is very positive. Students are enjoying the mild sun on their balconies and the residence’s patio.  Before the stress of academic life and city engagement hit, students had meetings with administration to discuss the new changes to the academic policies.  The strictness of the policies has been toned down somewhat with more lates and absences allowed, although the trade-off is that students must complete make-up work  for all missed classes. The administration has promised that this move will be accompanied by more engaging make-up work tasks to increase learning value. The Dean of Natural Sciences, Vicky Chandler, explained in a video call open to all students that the decision makers consulted student government in making this change. This would signal a major achievement for the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM). However, Class of 2019 representative Urmila Janardan explained that Minerva still practices what she labels “design sprint democracy.” Administration asks the ASM for student ideas, which then disappear into a black box of internal Minerva staff discussion, and come out as a set of finalized policies that the ASM may only revise for language. Real collaboration and student input on changes are still not a true part of the decision making process. Janardan’s fellow 2019 representative Alberto Martinez de Arenaza points out that this is already progress: a semester ago Minerva would make policies without any student input at all. Now, there is a conversation. He hopes that it is an opening for more involvement down the line. On this optimistic note, the representatives are also happy to have been able to enact some smart changes that should make ASM work more meaningful for the entire student body.  First, the change to a full-year term will give representatives more time to coherently build initiatives on behalf of students. Second, the ASM has delivered on its promise to be more transparent and has formalized a biweekly newsletter to students. Third, the working group structure has expanded and become more sophisticated over the past semester with several groups working directly with staff. Janardan believes that the working group model will be the driving force for change in the future. She thinks it fosters a symbiotic relationship between all actors: representatives can delegate action on issues to engaged and affected students while the administration gets to talk to the right people with thought-out ideas on the issue and with the energy to make changes. This gives students a stronger voice than they could usually achieve on their own, while also providing a platform for more critical voices to be heard as ASM can mediate between them and the administration. Through this improved framework, the representatives also wish for future improvements on communicating to staff and administration what the student experience in the cities is truly like. For now, there is still a “massive gap” between the awareness of staff as shown in the decisions and policies they make, and the situation on the ground, Class of 2020 representative Vinicius Miranda laments.  As the second set of student government representatives lay down their positions, a first era of the Associated Students of Minerva comes to an end – terms will increase to a year, and the size of the ASM will duplicate come the elections from January 25 to 26. The current ASM representatives have made tacit steps towards building a more proactive and powerful student government. They have delivered on some promises, but the ASM is still not a strong voice that can launch its own change initiatives.  The developing student government framework presents an opportunity for engaged students to take the work done and push further on initiatives and the formalization of student input into Minerva decision making. With 12 ASM representatives to be elected, they will also have greater freedom to push for desired change in their issues of interest. As the representatives have repeatedly mentioned throughout the semester, they still believe that it is in the hands of the wider student body to use the ASM structure to bring Minerva closer to the ideal vision they want their university to become.  Once again, the students have an opportunity and responsibility to show their commitment to shaping their Minerva experience for the better.  To sign up to be a candidate for the coming year, apply here. Here is a general overview of what ASM work entails. For further information, email [email protected], and read the Quest’s previous coverage of student government-related issues.
 In the past month there have been LGBT pride parades around the globe and so we asked a few Minerva students thousands of miles apart about their experiences at these gatherings. “I’ve never seen you this gay before!” yelled my friend from across the ranks of purple.  “Thanks!” I chided back as I twirled around and waved to the crowd.  Two years ago, the same statement would have been mortifying —  feeling wrong and ashamed, I would have ceased all frivolity and adopted a stern march of “manliness.” Today however, it was invigorating — taking the title of gay and owning it, I smiled bigger and strutted harder, putting the boy in flamboyance.  I felt not only accepted, but encouraged to be who I was, something I’ve been trying to hide and deny for seven years. Looking back at the smiling faces of my friends, I finally felt proud. Looking up into the sunny skyline of San Francisco, I felt free. — Coby Anderson, United States, Class of 2019. Attended Pride in San Francisco.   Pride, as it has come to exist in 2016, with its bright colours and hordes of onlookers from around the world, is the result of the riot that took place during a police raid at the Stonewall Inn on June 28, 1968 in Manhattan. The Christopher Street Liberation Day, a march which walked from Greenwhich Village to Central Park, was the first formal Pride event, held in 1970 to commemorate the Stonewall Inn riots. News of the march quickly spread and the first formal Pride parade took place in Los Angeles the following year. Pride events have evolved, spread, and grown since the 1970’s, tackling both the shifting public attitude towards the LGBTQ community, and HIV/AIDS crisis. There are now well over 500 pride events which take place around the world every year. Minerva students from the classes of 2019 and 2020 attended some of these Pride celebrations, including six students, lead by class of 2019 student Coby Anderson, who marched in the San Francisco parade. The diverse community at Minerva provides an opportunity to gain insight on various Pride celebrations around the world. The following are a series of testimonials from Minerva students who attended Pride events in different cities around the world. “I didn’t really know what to expect from the Pride. Back home, it has not really been a very big thing in the past and even in recent years, all the hype has been centered around the capital; me living about six hours away, I barely even had any contact with it, other than the brief reports on National TV. I had heard bits and snippets of people that had attended Pride both around the world and in San Francisco and I wasn’t sure that was going to be the thing for me – after all I, myself, was not part of this community and I thought I would find it much harder to connect to everyone else’s feelings at such an event. Nevertheless, I wanted to attend the parade and see what it is like with my own eyes, especially because the city I had been living in was world-famous as a center for all things LGBT – I was going mostly out of curiosity and as a cultural experience. When Coby asked me if I wanted to actually march in the parade alongside him, his fellow Yahoo co-workers and another couple of Minervans, I briefly hesitated before deciding that this was an opportunity that does not come about too often in life and decided to join in. He and I were in Orlando when the biggest shooting in the history of the country happened, a mere 20 minutes away from where we were staying. Even though at the time we weren’t physically very close to the club where it occurred, the event shook me and made me really rethink my decision to participate in the Pride in San Francisco. During the following week I took in every news report about the attack that I could come across, looking for similar occurrences in different cities and discussing the matter with friends. Finally, I decided that I was going to go, have as much fun as I could, and deal with any problems as life threw them at me. On the day of the parade I woke up with a hint of dread at the bottom of my stomach, but that was quickly overpowered by the excitement of seeing everyone dressed up in all sorts of colours and ready to take on the day. Arriving at our meeting spot, I could see thousands of people wearing at least as many smiles, balloons flying all around in the air and multicoloured flags hung from every lamppost. Market Street looked like everything I had imagined, all I hadn’t, and much more. What struck me the most throughout the day were the smiles on everyone’s faces. People were wearing all colours of the rainbow, dancing and joyfully skipping up and down the streets or just engaging in pleasant conversation. It didn’t matter who you were and where you came from, whether you were part of the LGBT community or not, or how long you were going to stick around. If you smiled at someone, in return you would receive a joyful gleam in the eyes, a huge smile, maybe a short wave. Or on a more special occasion – a dancing partner. It seemed to me that the theme of the parade was not Pride – it was Happiness – just a huge gathering of people, who wanted to show the world that such a thing still exists between all the terrorism, corruption and sickness we are met with every day, and spread the good feeling as far as possible. This is what I was that day too. Happy.” – Vesi Nedelcheva, Bulgaria, Class of 2019. Attended Pride in San Francisco.   “When I stopped by Berlin’s Pride parade, Christopher Street Day, on July 23, it was a vibrant and energized gathering filled with thousands of people, sharing in their common tolerance and love. The Munich attack had just happened the day before, yet that had not stopped thousands of people from coming. Facing the Brandenburg Gate, the historical contrast was strong in a country where ninety years ago, Berlin was one of the first cities to have a thriving gay community, and just seventy years ago homosexuals were being sent to concentration camps. Yet even though the situation has changed greatly, we can’t forget that today many countries still execute or punish people for just being gay. At one point, I passed the grandiose Soviet War Memorial, in front of which protestors had posted anti-homophobia signs, relevant as ever with Russia’s crackdown on LGBT rights. One man was holding a cardboard sign that read “I can’t believe I’m protesting for this shit in 2016.” However, most people were here to just have a good time, dancing on the street to retro, pop, and techno music, enjoying a beer and a bratwurst, sporting eccentric outfits (or lack thereof) and celebrating how far the community has come in recent years, while still pushing to finally legalize same-sex marriage in Germany.” – Louis Brickman, United States/Germany, Class of 2019. Attended Pride in Berlin.   “There is continuous discussion about what makes Pride relevant in Denmark in the 21st century. Parts of the Danish population believe that the LGBTQ+ community has reached its goals. This is not the belief of any LGBTQ+ organisation in Denmark, and that is why Copenhagen Pride is a celebration, but also a deeply political event to make these committees more visible in Denmark. This summer I got the opportunity to experience Copenhagen Pride, the organisation behind pride week in Copenhagen. They have done an active job to transform Pride week into a more diverse and welcoming event for all. It was amazing to experience how they practice inclusion of everybody actively through their actions. They have managed to address communities who have not usually felt represented by Pride in Denmark and make them feel more welcomed and celebrated. This includes the Danish trans community, but also deaf LGBTQ+ people. I had never really experienced or seen the LGBTQ+ community in Denmark before. When I did it was amazing to meet an organisation and people who say yes and welcome everybody as they are in a time of so many no’s and rejections.” – Jonathan Skjøtt, Denmark, Class of 2019. Attended Pride in Copenhagen.   “The city of Tel Aviv is considered as one of the best gay cities in the world. To justify its position as such, it hosts a glamorous and enormous Pride– starting from giant parties that attract gay tourism from all around the world weeks before, to the biggest stars who perform on the beach at the ending point of the parade. Looking at a sight like that, it’s easy to believe Israel is a truly liberal country. In the Jerusalem Pride Parade last year a sixteen year-old girl was stabbed to death. She was killed by a man who, although expressing clear intentions of attacking the parade, was released from jail several days prior with no conditions. I was there too, a few meters from the spot; the parade stopped, everyone hurried to the finish spot where, instead of the speeches by politicians and activists, everyone grieved and mourned together. This year’s parade was very strange. It was the most heavily guarded event I’ve ever been to: the whole course was barricaded, with a police officer or border control soldier every few meters. Many politicians exclaimed that they wouldn’t join the parade, because “it hurts religious feelings”, and in spite of that–or rather, because of that — the parade was overcrowded with activists, allies, and angry people from all facets of Israeli society. Other than the parade, the streets were empty–save for a few bystanders and protesters raising signs that read “God hates perverts”. I later learned that approximately 30 people were arrested with intentions of sabotaging the parade, some carrying weapons. A friend of mine spoke at the finish point of the parade, in front of the 25,000 attendees: she stressed how, although gay marriage is still illegal in Israel, the welfare of trans and queer people comes first- how, in the effort to portray the queer community as normal and appealing, just like everyone else, so many other identities are erased. This parade, being as political and solemn as it is, could not be more different than the Tel Aviv Pride–but they are both incredibly important.” – Mika Lanir, Israel, Class of 2020. Attended Pride in Jerusalem.
 Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not reflect the position of the Minerva Quest or its affiliates. “Whether what Aziz did constitutes sexual assault or not isn’t the issue,” writes Anthony Kozlowski in a January 15 article. For those unaware of the recent story concerning actor, writer, and comedian Aziz Ansari, let me take a moment to fill you in.  A Brooklyn photographer going publicly under the alias Grace met Ansari at an after-party for the 2017 Emmy Awards. The two flirted a little and went on a date the following week. The date did not go as Grace hoped. Ansari poured the wrong wine and asked for the check too quickly. The two went back to his apartment and began to kiss and undress each other. Grace was surprised at how quickly things were moving, but didn’t say anything or pull away. Ansari suggested he get a condom, but Grace did not feel comfortable with penetrative sex. The two performed oral sex on each other. Grace alleged that several times during the interaction Ansari moved her hand toward his genitals, and each time she would move it away. When this first sexual encounter was over Grace commented about how perhaps next time things could go further. Even if she intended this to be a deterrence, she did explicitly mention another potential date. The two sat down on Ansari’s couch and soon began to kiss again. For a second time, Ansari proposed intercourse, and again Grace refused. They got dressed and watched Seinfeld. Ansari moved to begin another intimate encounter, Grace, still not interested, decided to go home.  The next day she received a text message from Ansari saying, “It was fun meeting you last night,” to which she responded, “Last night might’ve been fun for you, but it wasn’t for me. You ignored clear non-verbal clues; you kept going with advances. I want to make you aware so maybe the next girl doesn’t have to cry on the ride home.” Ansari answered her very humbly, “I’m so sad to hear this. Clearly, I misread things in the moment and I’m truly sorry.”  Now that we know the story, let’s turn our attention back to what Kozlowski wrote in his article.  Grace’s date with Ansari without question sounds like it did not go the way either of them was hoping. Dates are like that sometimes. But nowhere in any of what she said is there any indication that Ansari assaulted her. Even her “non-verbal cues” are a tad confusing given her continued participation in the sexual encounter, only opposing penetrative intercourse, but clearly consenting to other things. Say what you will, but that matters. It matters a lot.  And I’m going to explain why.  Having experienced sexual assault and harassment, not in the buyer’s remorse or that-date-sucked way, but in the literal as-per-the-legal-definition way, I can say with confidence that there is a difference between what Grace describes and what it actually means to be sexually assaulted. When these women choose to equate their bad date with my very real assault, it degrades my experience. Grace is one of many in recent weeks to come out with stories of inappropriate behaviour that they have chosen, for whatever reason, to label as sexual assault, apparently not understanding what that really means. And what these women — who have, no doubt, had a bad or embarrassing experience — don’t seem to think about is what their actions mean to people like me.  I was not raped. I would never equate what happened to me with being raped, because having been assaulted I understand the difference between what happened to me and how much worse it could have been and how genuinely horrible and traumatic rape would be.  When these women choose to equate their bad date with my very real assault, it degrades my experience. It puts what happened to me and to girls like me — who have genuinely been assaulted and harassed — on the same level as a photo taken in ill-taste or a date where he misread the signals. It demonstrates a lack of understanding of what sexual assault really is and a lack of compassion for its victims.  I was not in any way engaged in a sexual interaction with the people who assaulted and harassed me. There were no signs to misread.  You left. You told him that he made you uncomfortable. He apologized.  No one apologized to me. No one is going to.  Yours was unfortunate. Mine should never have happened.  There is no pride in being assaulted. I blocked it out, it took me years to be able to talk about it with even my mom. Talking about in the vague terms I’m using here makes my hands shake. I have no desire to proclaim my story to the world, I don’t want to talk about it, I don’t want five minutes of fame from it. I’ve moved on with my life. I want those things not to have happened to me, I want to forget that they happened, but I can’t. You can forget about a bad date; you’ll probably forget about a lot of them. Make no mistake, it is not the same thing as having to physically push someone away after saying “no” and “stop” multiple times had no effect.  I chose not to pursue legal action. I did this because I really did have a choice. Had I have pursued legal action, the lives those men are living would be very different from how they are today. Before the court of public opinion sentences yet another person to the guillotine of social extinction, let’s make sure he’s actually guilty of his crimes. I made this choice because any accusation, regardless of the legal verdict, would have ruined lives, they would forever have been marked as that-guy-who-assaulted-that-girl-that-one-time, and I didn’t want to be responsible for that and what it would mean for their loved ones. I respect women and men who have had my experience, or a similar one, and made the opposite decision. It’s a judgement call and not an easy one.  If it came out that one of the people who hurt me had hurt others as well, I would add my name — my real name — to the list, I would not hide behind a fake name in proclaiming a true experience. Grace, I’m sorry that you had a bad date. I’m sorry that your night out with a celebrity didn’t go as you dreamed. Some dates are like that. Some guys will act without thinking. It’s a shame, but it’s not the end of the world. There will be other dates, some that will be just as bad, but with people who aren’t easy revenge targets because they are not in the public eye. I hope that you have more good dates than bad ones, and I pray with all my heart that you never have to know what it really means to be assaulted.  Mr. Ansari, you did not sexually assault anyone. Perhaps you could have been more aware, but it seems that you got a lot of mixed signals from Grace and it’s easy to see how you thought things were going one way when really they were going another. I hope that your work is not impacted by a bad date. It seems unfair that everyone else has bad dates and goes on with their lives while you are at high risk of paying a heavy price.  So yes, Mr. Kozlowski, it does matter whether Ansari did or did not assault Grace. Before the court of public opinion sentences yet another person to the guillotine of social extinction, let’s make sure he’s actually guilty of his crimes.  For those of you wondering what this means for the #metoo movement, I encourage you to watch this video. Anonymity Policy: The Minerva Quest permits the publication of anonymous articles, but not anonymous submissions. Any Minerva student, staff, or faculty member may submit an article for anonymous publication via our online submission form. Submission does not guarantee publication and the Minerva Quest retains the right to refuse publication of any article.
 I couldn’t believe it was finally here, my first Christmas at Minerva. Well, Christmas Eve. Ecstatic, I leapt out of bed.  I had heard Minerva always planned awesome stuff during winter break, so I was ready to have my mind blown. I stepped out of my room—room 333—and began to shiver.  “Why is it so cold?” I asked myself, but that question didn’t last long as I saw snow on the stairs between the third and fourth floor. “Okay, what?” I thought but inched up the stairs. There was a line of students up the stairs entering what looked like a huge doll box, with Christmas decorations. When inside it they had to sing a Christmas song.  “Hey, what’s going on?” I asked my friend Bo, one of the few Americans in our class. He gave me a look that said, “you don’t know?” then continued, “When you enter the box, you have to sing a Christmas song, and you get graded between 1 to 5. If you get a 2 or 1, you have to do the assignment no one wants.” I was going to ask what assignment that was but I didn’t need to. Ella, a friend of mine from Bulgaria, received a 2. Even though she’d done well on the other HCs, she’d gotten a 1 for #sourcequality, the Professor said the song was too old. So, Ella had to do the unwanted assignment: grooming the reindeer in their stable. It was an unfortunate task because at Christmas time the reindeers are excited. So getting them to settle down was a bit of a job. Ella had to endure a couple of kicks to the face. It was now my turn on the line so I screamed to Ella, “You can do it, Ella.” Then I went into the box and sang, lucky for me I got a 4. The Professor said I applied #audience well as I sang a song that she loved when she was little. So she told me to walk straight ahead to the common room and go to one of the reindeers. “WOW!” I thought when I walked in, I don’t think I had ever seen so many reindeers. I went to one and turned on the screen behind the reindeer’s head.  At the top of the screen, it said ‘RLF – Reindeer Learning Forum.’ I then typed in my Minerva email and my password, but the internet was a bit wonky. So I adjusted the reindeer’s antlers until the connection was perfect. Finally, I got to log into class, but I was three minutes late. “Oh no” I thought, “now I have an absence.” The Professor said the assignment was to find the perfect gift for the child version of an adult right now, and then hypothesize what their life would be like today if they had received that present. What would have changed in their future? Finally, we would use an agent-based model to test our hypothesis. The professor said to check our dashboard to see the name of the child we would give a present. I clicked on my dashboard, excited but scared, but, after two minutes the page still hadn’t finished loading. I could only see parts of the name – ‘Be’ and ‘ls’. So I had to fidget again with the reindeer’s antlers until it revealed the name of the child I would give a gift. It revealed Ben Nelson. If Ben Nelson gets a book for Christmas, would he hate learning so much that he wouldn’t create Minerva?
 The Minerva Quest is proud to announce that this is our first article written by a student from the Class of 2021. SAN FRANCISCO – There is a wall in San Francisco that astounds me. It isn’t because of the vibrant graffiti one sees in the Mission District. It isn’t part of the unique architecture of places like the Palace of Fine Arts or the Salesforce Tower that rises so elegantly above the city. Mine is a plain wall, in an obscure position, quite hidden — and yet something beautiful happens in this place. On the route to Corona Heights, atop a steep and windy footpath that runs from State Street below, a small museum is set back in a little enclave surrounded by trees. Its presence is quite unremarkable and it is easy to miss. To add to its mundanity, the site surrounding the museum is currently under construction, and so it is now hidden by dusty vehicles and wire fencing. I first came across the wall while walking back from the top of Corona Heights Park. I often run here, as I find the merciless hills of San Francisco a physical and mental discipline worth the effort. It was windy on this day, and as I descended the steep incline, I caught in the corner of my eye a puzzling sight — a movement beyond the fence and the bushes; something unusual about the obscure little building peeping out through a hundred diamond frames. I stared and waited, yet saw nothing. Then it happened again. I suddenly became aware that whatever I was looking at had changed in some way, but I couldn’t quite tell how. There — again! I was transfixed. And then I saw it; attached to the outer wall of the building in front of me were hundreds of tiny white rods, all spinning on their own axes. Each time the wind blew, these rods would rotate with the direction of the breeze. At this height above the city, and with all the trees swaying nearby, drafts seemed to sweep in from all directions. Each spinning rod seemed to contribute to a myriad of ever-moving lines, creating a maze-like pattern that changed each second at the whim of a zephyr. What resulted was nothing short of breath-taking; the surface of the wall appeared to move like flowing water, forming new and interesting shapes — sometimes gradually, with a subtle shift in angle, and sometimes so sharp and fast that I could not detect when the change had occurred. I was riveted. As I observed this quiet, modest beauty, I had the impression that the wall was alive, and that these moving patterns were a private dialogue between the structure and its surroundings. As an observer, my role was merely to gaze at the dance unfolding before me — a creative, autonomous process that needed no human input, no intervention to set its course. It was a gem of human ingenuity submitting to the will of nature. This, I thought, was surely the purpose of art. I do not have to step into the SFMOMA to feel that I am surrounded by beauty. This city, with all its madness and confusion sometimes, is a living network of people and buildings and experiences, and intertwined even between the distress and the confusion of a place that has taken over itself, is the emergence of beauty. Art does so much more than represent things; it speaks directly to the whole person, demonstrating a truth that is revealed only when we are willing to pause, to listen, and to engage with something outside of our own heads. As a foreigner starting university for the first time in a city that is so saturated with activity, where emotional and spiritual suffering are the ragged garments that hang on the backs of almost every passer-by, and where one can drown in the deluge of ideas and excitement, I have appreciated moments like these more than I could have imagined. How do I describe the exhilarating surge of energy you feel when you chance upon something so unique, so understatedly elegant, so quiet and magnificent as this wall? This is why people meditate, or immerse themselves in writing or art. When we partake in these activities, we’re learning to trust the process; we allow ourselves to hover in that space where reality casts us as neither subject nor object. If you’ve recently felt equally overwhelmed with life, try to find this space. It may be a physical place, a poem, or even a fragrance. Give yourself over, for a moment, to something beautiful. It is beauty that keeps us sane. When the world seems to be a mad, ceaseless rush of competing claims on our attention, art reminds us of what it means to be human.
 You’ve seen them at the Oscars… now see 2016’s critically acclaimed movie offerings with updated titles to reflect what they really had to say.
 BERLIN – Minerva’s first semester in Berlin is coming to a close and the Class of 2019 will soon be traveling to Buenos Aires. At the final class gathering in the city, we asked students to write a six-word story describing their experience in Berlin. As you’ll see, some students interpreted the instructions rather creatively.  “Stop finding yourself in someone else.” – Qiqi “Putting myself and everything else Together.” – Danilo “Berlin-Me, relationship is one of its kind.” – Lucy “Change, Independence, (real) Friends, Challenge, confidence, Empowerment” – Anonymous “Clear when the scaffold came down.” – Kayla “Warm sunlight wanted again from you.” – Unknown Author “You can’t be in two places.” – Laura “Believe to leave the grief behind. “Be who you want to be.” – Barbara “Cold and grey outside, Warm in.” – Zach “Feeling quite lonely, found open arms.” – Margot “I am making this all up.” – Unknown Author “Hadn’t left the country. Have doner.” – Jake “A local, through resilience, vulnerability & rawness.” – Fabiola “Homebody seeking adventure on the weekend.” – Alex Whitney “Alone/Together, Hard/Work, quiet nights.” – Michael Yang “الحياة تتغير رغماَ عن مدة سيطرتي عليها” (“Life changes out of my control”) – Rinad “Trying to figure out the balance.” – DD “There exists a freedom buried here.” – Sadie-Rae “Looking through a pitch-black lens.” – Matt “Whoops! Oh crap! Drop. Drop. Submit.” – Anthony “My biggest regret; failing to try.” – Muraya “Nine months could never be enough.” – Zoey “According to plan, and then platypus.” – Yoel “Self-understanding, fresh independence, and growing up!” – Kah Yee “Leaving again and again and again?” – Sadie “Leaves. Lots. Orange. Fallen. Up down.” – Lara “Exploring the world, I find myself.” – Raymundo “Falling, flying, failing, growth, loss and love.” – Rosie “I am  here, you are here.” – Ivan “LOST and FOUND that is me.” – Urmila “Berlin is history in the now.” – Bethany “Stay with people make me laugh.” – Xijia “Got lost, remembered what really matters.” – Ben “No hills? My kind of place.” – Chisom “I’m closer and further at once.” – Vesi “Work hard, celebrate, explore real life.”  – Adrian “ALDI: efficient, but not so friendly.” – Tyler “Amazing Berlin. So much work. Fun.” – Or “Ich hätte gern ein Big Dürüm.” (“I would like a big durum”) – Jeff “I know you think you know.” – Unknown Author “Stopped expecting much then: plot twist” “If friends too tired, go alone.” – Skye “Losing what I was looking for.” – Coby “Women whose names begin with L.” – Shajara “Have fun and figure it out.” – Corey “The whole world in loco parentis.” – Ian “Fuck bitches get money (in Berlin)” – Tanna “Special-needs, child, found strength, happiness.” – Jonathan “Corey Orndorff broke my tender heart. “I must go on without her. Please take care of my piano. Say goodbye on your way out. Let me know when you return. And maybe we can meet again.” – Colette Where did the time go? Present.” – Guillaume “Love for You, Me, and Everyone.” – Lishu “We have many worlds within ourselves.” – Namrata “Six words cannot contain four months. Try 4! September, October, November, December.” – Grant Thankful for my BIKE. Cool air.” – Eli “Past, present, future. Connect them all.” – Thy
 Halloween in Seoul: sights and symbols are everywhere, but don’t get your hopes up. Tuesday night here and the streets are dead. Well, as dead as Seoul can be. When we, Americans, imagine Halloween night at home, we picture running through the streets with candy and costumes and cobwebs, while our parents overbearingly worry about the sugar high we are getting on a school night. But in Seoul, it’s all a façade. Sure, there’s decorations here and there, maybe even a pumpkin or two if you search the ins and the outs of Namdaemun market, but there’s no Halloween. At least not in the traditional, pagan sense. Here, Halloween is adult culture. If you’re of age, there’s parties and pub crawls, and one zombie run through the streets of Sinchon. In order to celebrate Halloween here, you need to be an alien. Not from outer space, but from your own backyard. While Erika watched a Halloween movie, Abigail dressed up as a “legal” alien, as practically the only way to celebrate Halloween here is if you make it yourself. So, a poem to Seoul on this All Hallows’ Eve… Trick-or-treat, trick-or-treat Tell us Seoul where we should meet We thirst for a howl on this All Hallows’ Eve To find supernatural screams that are all make-believe. Give us your eyeballs and headstones and gory Grim Reaper! We want the witchcraft and hobgoblin creeper! So tell us where, oh where is the freight? Where is the bloodcurdling scream at midnight? Out with your parties and terrible techno Halloween is for hair-raising poltergeist echoes? We are forced to create our own phantasmal reason Because Seoul, You are are spine-chillingly cold to the season.
 In celebration of Halloween, the Minerva Quest has collected spooky stories and poetry from students across two classes. Prepare to be spooked. Disturbing Behavior Family of four Walking down the park at night Scream! There’s just one left… She was tall, taller than expected. She was the kind of tall that makes people seem arrogant even if they are humble. She was also really pretty, so pretty it almost hurt. I couldn’t look at her for more than a few seconds without feeling my blood boil with a mix of jealousy, admiration and cautious uncertainty. She was like the sun. But more like the sun over a desert after being lost for a day, than like the warming sun that allows plants to grow. With time, instead of getting used to her I got more dubious. I couldn’t rest my eyes in hers, it was too intimidating. The bare white walls didn’t help either. They warned me I shouldn’t get too close or make any sudden movements, so I kept still; watching her mouth move without digesting any of her words. She was so tall that for the first time in my life I felt incredibly small. She was so painfully pretty I could feel my blood boil and my mind wonder: why can’t I look like that? Why did I get the crazy genes instead of the beauty ones? DNA is a funny thing. There I was, stuck. I guess it shouldn’t be that weird. After all, the first time everyone sees their mother is in a hospital, right? This is just a different kind of hospital. By the time the clock completed its walk around the block, my mouth hadn’t moved an inch. DNA is a funny thing indeed. I can finally live under the same roof as my mother. Dare you trust to gaze in one’s eyes? It’s as the cherry blossom surely blooms That my passion for you surely shows. Slender form, tender arms, Innocent, captivating smile Not even the rain smiles so softly, so gently. I start to speak; I hesitate I am afraid, Afraid, afraid to look into your eyes.   They always insist. They see red lipstick, somewhat messily applied Shades over my eyelids, almost concealing They see me guarded; they think I’m shy. They take my arm, ever trusting.   Your hand is so warm. I could hold it forever. Mine’s so cold; slight tug. I’m not letting go. I could hold it forever.   That lipstick is theirs, not mine. And it only oozed out of their throats When I needed them no longer.   Afraid, afraid to look into your eyes Because who knows what you’ll see in them A hunter hungering for her next prey Or a devil, risen from the fiery pits Or, most frighteningly, nothing at all. Dare you trust them now?   Or…dare you doubt them? Lock these bloodstained hands— Or better yet, take eye for eye?   The noose tightens ’round my throat And surely as the cherry blossom blooms Will the world be finally free, Finally free of these eyes And you can rest easy.   Yes…rest. With lipstick running down your throat And an icy hand wrapped ’round your neck. Your lids will close soon, never to open again. Appreciate this final sight. Look into my eyes.
 Many passengers on the California Street cable car are bewildered when they come across a street lined with red jellyfish. Intrigued, some hop off, and, like California Street, disappear under the lanterns into Grant Avenue.  The bear and its cubs lose themselves in the land of dragons — San Francisco’s Chinatown.  In this sea of red and gold; in the company of those dangling jellyfish, the treasures of the East are laid bare for the inquisitive: troves of overripe produce, transparent urns of medicinal riches and rows of steam buns, white like ivory.  A miasma of aged ginseng and dried mushrooms overwhelms unfamiliar visitors. Still, they venture on. Fascinated by curled dragons dormant on lampposts and ageless floral patterns, they can no longer justify turning around. Tourists and San Franciscans alike claim that walking into Chinatown is like stepping into another country. Their ambiguity is accurate: for all its visual pretense, Chinatown isn’t like China. Sure, storefronts full of black ink calligraphy mark their Chinese character. The crimson threads and the green pagoda roof tiles hearken back to a temple somewhere. Droves of roast duck, glistening in their roasting juices, hang by the neck in restaurant windows and evoke comparisons to Peking kitchens. Still, nowhere in China will you find a place quite like Chinatown.  This Chinatown is the haphazard collection of the entirety of Chinese culture, a vibrant tapestry dedicated to immigrant waves of different eras. From Taishan, arrived the first railway workers. From Canton, alighted panners, dreaming of Californian gold. From Hong Kong, came ladies who became infamous madams. It’s as if each immigrant arrived looking to shape this little enclave of China in their image of home. What resulted was akin to a Chinese hot pot: the pot itself is instantly recognisable to any Chinese person, but the contents are unfamiliar, even foreign.  Regardless, Chinatown thrives. It survived an Exclusion Act, an earthquake, gang wars and the bubonic plague. Chinatown harnesses its fiery dragons and many-faced deities to sell trinkets like panda plushies. It is unfazed by oriental exotification. White-haired Tai Chi practitioners continue to brandish their fans with methodical precision; dedicated temple-goers still light incense sticks and burn joss paper, seemingly impartial that their heritage has been commercialised; reduced to twelve zodiac animals on tourist tees.  Ironically, many visitors are just as indifferent. A common Chinatown tourist is of Chinese descent. Its exotified history is why some in the Chinese diaspora view San Francisco’s Chinatown as their overseas Mecca. They come to see everything their “race” represents and all it fails to live up to. To them, Chinatown is a site of pilgrimage to seek solace in their ancestors’ wanderings and salvation for the loss of unknown traditions. Therein lies the wispy resignation in Chinatown’s quiet carry-on spirit. The China that these residents collectively know, is lost. The possibility of that red passport is gone. All they have left is this Chinatown concoction. 
 Enjoy these featured pieces from the most recent Little Green Shoes workshop on 6-Word Stories. Ice-cream tastes sweeter after it’s earned. –Mayzie Allswede She stared outside, thinking, “Tinder sucks.” –Kristin Hudson Chains. Tried. Cried. Died. Ran. Tripped. –Nicole Nair The mean girls dream big too. –Mayzie Allswede Forgiveness is letting yourself rediscover happiness. –Kristin Hudson Guitar strings bind our wounded hearts. –Nicole Nair
 DELHI — After a year-long courtship involving each PM visiting the other’s country and sunset walks on the Tel Aviv beach, Indian-Israeli relations finally advanced to the next level when PM Modi slipped his hand underneath Netanyahu’s shirt. This historic cupping took place after a day-long trip to the Taj Mahal, followed by a candlelit dinner with pink champagne and chocolate masala.  After the dinner, Netanyahu and Modi headed back to their hotel. As they reached Netanyahu’s room, the Israeli PM asked Modi if he’d like to come in and see his collection of “I love Israel” magnets. Once they were both in the room, Netanyahu complained that his frequent travels left him with excruciating back pains. Modi immediately offered to assist Netanyahu by giving him a back rub. Once Netanyahu took his shirt off, it was clear that a diplomatic breakthrough would be reached.  The implications of this new reality are not yet clear, and responses have been mixed. Religious political parties from both countries were quick to criticize the event, saying it was both an act of “moral degeneracy” and “kind of gross.” The Israeli opposition praised the breakthrough but were quick to recall the famous “White House blue balls” incident in which President Trump led on Netanyahu all day, only to end up spending the night with InfoWars anchor Alex Jones. Reaching second base with Modi might be one of Netanyahu’s greatest achievements of 2018, but it seems there is no stopping the thirsty politician. Amidst the scandalous recordings confirming Netanyahu Jr. has been with a prostitute, there is hope that the night with Modi will help PM Netanyahu gain a more sex-positive image.  A third meeting between the two has already been scheduled. While the itinerary is still to be negotiated, the Israeli foreign affairs office has requested an evening at a drive-in theater, to which Modi has responded positively. Modi was later spotted giving an enthusiastic high five to his closest friends.
 Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not reflect the position of the Minerva Quest or its affiliates. This article is partially in response to this piece published on the Quest on January 21. In the last few weeks, varying opinions around the case of Aziz Ansari have emerged. Some have come out in support of Grace’s decision to bring attention to the encounter and some others, such as this CNN reporter, believe that this kind of ambiguity hurts the #metoo movement as a whole. We have encountered yet another place where we remain divided—just as we were divided as to whether marital rape was considered rape until 1979, or whether a woman was at fault if she was intoxicated, or out alone at night, or if she didn’t explicitly say no. Now, we come into another one of these discussions where we have to redefine what sexual assault means within our collective understanding—and these conversations will not be finished anytime soon. Because of this, it is more important now than ever to grapple with our gut reactions as to how we label the experiences of others. One of the biggest pieces of rhetoric floating around the Aziz Ansari controversy is that what happened to Grace was just a “bad date,” and that many women have similar stories. Many of us do not characterize these experiences as sexual assault—nor do we have to. But it’s the fact that this type of experience is so widespread that is the crux of the issue—not whether we consider this particular account to fall under the label of sexual assault. It is to be expected that when someone decides to label their experience as such in a way we do not agree with, it makes us deeply uncomfortable because it requires us to confront our definitions of our own lived experiences. We don’t necessarily have to change those definitions—that decision is up to each individual. But we must resist the urge to discount the definitions of others just to protect our own.  We have gotten to the point where we are comfortable calling out the Harvey Weinsteins and the Bill Cosbys, the serial rapists and abusers who used their platform and power to abuse women for too long without repercussions. We have gotten to the point where we reject “no means no” and demand affirmative, enthusiastic consent. We have gotten to the point where we understand that a woman’s clothes or her alcohol consumption do not justify her being assaulted or raped. We have begun to reject the age-old “boys will be boys” rhetoric, insisting that people be held accountable for their actions. We have made progress in so many ways, although that progress is largely still not felt among the more vulnerable members of our society.   But our work is far from done. Grace sharing her story has done something incredibly important to these conversations, regardless of whether you agree with her actions or believe what happened to her was sexual assault at all.  This case has exposed yet another layer of the toxic messaging our culture purports around gender and dating. It is something much more subtle, more widespread and much less frequently addressed, but is something many of us have experienced. It is the discomfort or hesitation during an encounter, the boundaries that were seen as challenges to be overcome, perhaps the eventual “giving in” to gloss over any awkwardness or get out of a situation gracefully and safely (as we’re taught we are supposed to do). It is that sinking guilt and disappointment in the taxi home wondering why you didn’t act differently in the moment, and the added layer of anger and hurt when the other person had absolutely no idea that you were even upset because they were that oblivious to your cues or chose to ignore them.  Many of us have these types of stories, and many of us don’t call them sexual assault because it’s not so black and white—and maybe, like Grace, we consented to certain things. Maybe we didn’t give an explicit no, or only gave nonverbal cues that we wanted to stop. Maybe we stayed the night or agreed to a second date. But it falls in the insidious grey area which is still deep-rooted in our culture. It reveals the subtle socialization that both men and women receive about sexual expectations that can leave us so painfully on different wavelengths. Ultimately, this discussion is not about whether you consider what happened to Grace to be sexual assault. If we step back, we can see that her story has presented us with a tapestry of shades of grey that are difficult to grapple with—but the last thing we should be doing is discounting her experience because it does not fit into our current archetype of what we consider sexual assault.  Let’s look a little deeper and think about why she decided to label it in the way that she did. What moments can we pinpoint that signify more systemic issues? We must come to understand how boys and men can come to miss subtle cues, and why society teaches girls and women to give these cues only subtly in the first place. We are taught not to be direct to avoid awkward or dangerous situations, but that is how these signals are allowed to be ignored. Instead of asking why Grace didn’t “just leave” the situation, let’s look at what socialization led to that being a difficult decision, and what societal conventions she would have had to violate in that process. Let’s try to understand all of the smaller ways our society failed so egregiously to equip us with the skills to not hurt each other deeply and unconsciously through our actions. It is through these conversations that we uncover the unhealed parts of our collective cultural narrative around sexuality. It is so much easier to protect our black and white interpretation of what is acceptable because it allows us to leave parts of our own behavior unexamined—the discomfort of realizing that behavior you have perpetrated or experienced (and perhaps did not consider damaging) is now being labeled as sexual assault is jarring, to say the least. But if progress is really what we are committed to achieving, these conversations are beyond necessary. The “bad date” rhetoric surrounding this story is the “what was she wearing” of our current moment in history, and there will be more as time goes by.  And to the other members of my community who feel as if some of the response to Grace’s story jeopardizes your ability to speak openly and candidly, I want you to know that I am here to engage with you, to listen to you, to hear you as we struggle collectively through the experience of being a woman (whatever defines that for you) within the interminable expectations placed on us to be too many conflicting things at once.  I promise to defend your right to define your experiences in a way that is authentic for you, even in the midst of a society that rejects that right to self-definition, which tries to tell you how you are allowed to characterize those experiences based on what is collectively considered legitimate. I will stand behind your decision to speak out, or keep quiet, or report, or not report, or be anonymous, or attach your name to your story. I will keep rejecting any rhetoric that tries to tell you that your decision to speak out and redefine what is acceptable is hurting a movement meant to do just that, or allow anyone reduce your experience to a “bad date.”  The “bad date” rhetoric surrounding this story is the “what was she wearing” of our current moment in history, and there will be more as time goes by. Regardless, we must remember that we are not in a race to put our assaults or experiences on a continuum of bad to worse, allowing the fact that one person’s experience is more severe than another remove its validity to fall under the same definition. One person’s story does not cheapen another’s, even if it’s a challenging one to deal with—it merely forces us to engage with the root causes and subtleties of the issue more deeply. Each story that comes out exposes a different part of a culture that allows for the sexual predation against women to go unchecked in so many different forms, and that is in all of our interests. And, as is true for each of us, I can only speak to my own experience and my own perception of these events. I will inevitably miss the mark in some parts of this discussion because my opinion only reaches as far as the limits of my knowledge and is colored by experiences I have been unfortunate enough to experience and those that I have been fortunate enough to avoid. But instead of seeing this as a weakness, let us find strength in the diversity of our lived experiences by listening to each other to understand not only the nature of each other’s opinions, but how and why we have come to hold them. There is a lot to unlearn, but through each conversation that we engage with in presence and integrity, with each case of listening to the experiences and opinions of others without judgement, the closer we can get to collectively unpacking the subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) cultural messaging that ultimately hurts us all. 
 Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not reflect the position of the Minerva Quest or its affiliates. Let’s play a game. I will describe a situation and you have to decide if it’s sexual assault or just a bad date.  A girl goes out with a guy she just met. He takes her to a new restaurant. He won’t stop talking about himself, cryptocurrencies, and his job as a trader for two hours until the girl finally realizes that the only thing those three themes have in common is her absolute lack of interest in them. As if that wasn’t enough, he orders Pepsi instead of Coke or wine, and he honestly thinks Revenge of the Sith is the best Star Wars movie. Sexual assault or bad date?    Try this one: A girl goes out with a guy to a party. They drink a lot and smoke weed. Once she’s inebriated, she finally musters the courage to kiss him. He reciprocates. She asks if they can go to his place and spend some time together. Next morning she wakes up naked, next to him, without any memory from the previous night. She asks what happened and he confirms that they had sex, but that she had given him consent. She has no memory of that happening. She regrets the entire night. Sexual assault or bad date? This one is trickier, right?   Finally, try this last one: A girl goes out with a comedian that she admires. He ends dinner early and asks for the check too quickly. He invites her to come over to his apartment, to which she agrees. When they arrive, he makes multiple sexual advances on her without asking for consent. She becomes increasingly uncomfortable with the situation. She asks him to calm down and take things slowly, which he doesn’t. He puts his fingers on her mouth and then tries to insert them into her vagina. He also moves her hand to his penis multiple times, even though she removes it every time. During this time she uses many (indirect) verbal and non-verbal cues to express her discomfort. He then asks her for sex, to which she replies “Next time,” trying to avoid the situation. She explicitly voices that she does not want to feel forced.  They sit on the couch, and when she feels he has finally stopped and everything will be okay, he asks her to perform oral sex on him. Which she does, because she feels pressured. He gets up, bends her over, pressures himself behind her, and asks where she wants him to fuck her. At this point, she finally says no. They sit on the couch again, where after watching an episode of Seinfeld, he tries one more time to undo her pants and finger her. She leaves the apartment and goes home crying.  She messages him the next day, telling him how the experience had been awful for her. He apologizes. He’s honestly confused because he thought the whole experience had been consensual.  Sexual assault or bad date? These situations did not happen to me, but they happened to someone. The last one happened with “Grace,” a New York-based photographer, and it describes her encounter with the actor and comedian Aziz Ansari.  Grace told this story to writers at Babe.net, which sparked a lot of discussions regarding what is sexual assault, and the implications of this to the #MeToo movement. There were articles published on The New York Times, The Atlantic, and Medium.  Recently, an anonymous writer posted an article in this publication entitled “Please Leave Mr. Ansari Alone.” The writer argues that calling what Grace went through as sexual assault degrades their literal “as-per-the-legal-definition way” sexual assault experience. In their opinion, what Grace had was nothing more than a bad date. But here’s the thing about bad dates: they are normal. They (unfortunately) happen way too often. It’s sad. A waste of time. But the author was right: they are not the end of the world.  Boring talks? Bad date. Wrong drink? Bad date. Someone talking about their ex non-stop? Inviting you to go to a funeral? Bringing a friend? Bad date, bad date, bad date. I vehemently oppose accepting as normal any situation in which a woman is the target of unwanted, repetitive sexual advances. Bad dates make you want to leave early, yes. But just so you can laugh about them with your friends over some pizza and beers. However, they do not include you going home crying in a cab because someone tried to make a sexual advance on you without your consent and tested your boundaries repetitively until you felt pressured to engage in a sexual act you never wanted.  That’s not a bad date. That’s sexual assault.  The United States Department of Justice defines sexual assault as “any type of sexual contact or behavior that occurs without the explicit consent of the recipient.” Describing what Grace went through simply as a bad date normalizes the situation. As a feminist, I vehemently oppose accepting as normal any situation in which a woman is the target of unwanted, repetitive sexual advances.  You know what else shouldn’t be normal? Asking a victim of sexual assault to accept their situation as ordinary. It’s wrong to write an article that tells my younger sister that if she has her boundaries tested and feels traumatized, she should just move on because it could have been worse, because “that’s what guys do; they act without thinking.” It’s wrong to imply to my male friends that it is acceptable to not ask for consent and insist on a sexual move.  I will not accept this. I will rebel against this patriarchal culture and scream to everyone I know: “STOP normalizing situations of abuse!” The writer’s argument for why Grace’s situation was not sexual assault is that describing her situation as sexual assault degrades their own sexual assault experience, which involved actually having to push someone away after saying “no” and “stop” multiple times.  To the writer, I’d like to say the following: I’m really, really sorry for what happened to you. Your situation sounds horrible, and it should never have happened. And I’m really sorry that reading about Grace makes you relive what happened to you. However, this is not just about you. This is not a competition of who suffered the most. Your sexual assault experience does not invalidate someone else’s. In general, people should not use their personal experience to delegitimize others’.  You don’t really know how Grace felt after that night. You can’t say that what she went through was not that bad, just because you think your situation was worse. The fact that Grace received an apology does not invalidate her claim of sexual assault. This is not a competition of who suffered the most. At least, it shouldn’t be. And the only way we will fight the patriarchal culture is if we stand together and not shut each other down. You could possibly argue that your situation was objectively worse than Grace’s. Yet that doesn’t make her situation any better. It’s still a serious issue that deserves attention and a deep discussion about what consent is. Calling her situation sexual assault does not invalidate or diminish your experiences or your feelings. Maybe it suggests that we need more terms. Or maybe, as Kozlowski suggested, that doesn’t matter at all, because discussing the term only distracts us from the real problem.  At the end of the day, all these situations are a result of the patriarchal culture. A culture in which women are educated to please men. They are educated to be complacent, passive, submissive, and only resort to the “no” in the worst-case scenario. A culture in which even in the last case scenario, they are still scared of saying “no” out of fear of the encounter escalating into physical violence. A culture in which men take “no” as “try harder”, and insisting, through the use of different persuasion techniques, becomes part of the game. A culture that puts the responsibility on women to be more careful, dress appropriately, do something to stop sexual assault, but refrains from putting the responsibility on men to ask for explicit consent. Aziz Ansari did not create our patriarchal culture alone. However, he is part of this culture. We all are. We are constantly repeating sexist behaviors and comments, even if we don’t mean it. But we need to stop. And that happens when we call people out on their sexism and they finally start paying attention to their actions. I will not leave Mr. Ansari alone. And neither should you. Like what you read? Help keep student journalism alive – donate any amount to the Minerva Quest.
 Scientists say that temperatures are rising, ice caps are melting, and the ozone layer is thinning due to global warming. However, this research still can’t explain why the temperature in my freezer is consistently a crisp -4 degrees Celsius.  Many scientists from big universities such as Harvard and Yale keep warning that greenhouse gas emissions trap the sun’s heat, increasing temperatures around the world. This explanation is all dandy, but I wonder if these scientists want to come to my house and hang out in my freezer to see if it gets any warmer. Here’s a hint: it doesn’t! All these scientists with their fancy degrees are all like, “You have to cool the world down, it’s too hot in here. There will be pandemics…cities will flood… animals will dieeeeeee.. :(.” That’s all great, but until the ice cream in my freezer melts from all this “warming” these scientists should take a massive chill pill.  Why don’t the scientists open their freezers and use their expensive science to measure the temperature there? It’s going to be -4 degrees Celsius because global warming can’t explain the temperature in my freezer. Take that, science!
 With the deadline for tutorial proposals around the corner (Arts and Sciences students, make sure to submit five proposals by February 1st!), students of the Business College are, once again, feeling the vacuity of their academic short straw.  With hopes of convincing the Academic Team to open up the tutorial offering to business majors, several students have compiled a list of tutorial proposals that would make for the meaningful, rigorous, and stimulating discourse that such classes are intended to instigate. We spoke to several business majors, who shared their ideas:  Blake Baeffer and Tumnus Biscotti, finance majors, echoed their classmates’ concerns: “After taking B143: Using Social Intrapreneurship to Conceal Corporate Misdeeds, we felt the most natural step for us was a tutorial on renaming conference rooms,” Mr. Baeffer told us.  “You know,” Mr. Biscotti added, “like, to make a fun office theme to conceal the alienating and estranging inhumanity of corporate culture. But under the current program, this is impossible.” We asked them if they had any office theme ideas yet. “Well, ideally we’d flesh it out more in a tutorial, but… I dunno, like a mythology theme… like, the rooms could be named after places in ancient folklore?”   Business students voiced their worries to the Academic Team through a series of emails that demanded a more “customer-centric” approach to the Minerva curriculum and shared some of these proposals. We have yet to see how the Academic Team responds.
 After the first Minerva winter break, Class of 2021 students may feel at home. Either returning from travels or having stayed in Fog City the entire break, Minervans have returned. Having travelled from more than 60 countries, M2021 now has a new home: San Francisco.  Luckily, M2021 is not alone. They are the third official class of Minerva students to call the City by the Bay their home, and their predecessors do not plan on letting the newest class forget it. For many upperclassmen, San Francisco quite closely resembles home after spending eight months there. For some, it is home. For others, it is their first home away from home, and of course for others merely a single pit stop in their brimming passports.  After each class spent their respective school years on Nob Hill and Market Street, each came away with their unique experiences. Whether an SF virgin or NorCal native, Minervans found their own home away from home outside of the residence halls.  Within hidden alleys, inside small and large buildings, throughout courtyards and gardens, under porches and verandas, we found home. Take it from us, 2021. We called the city home long (in Minerva years) before you, and want to show you our unique and individual feelings of home and belonging in San Francisco. What fog city spots do Minervans value after calling the city home for eight months? The possibilities are endless.  What would Minervans do with just one more day in the city?  We’ve gathered their answers for you here, including a map at the end. Photo: Flickr Photo: Pinterest Photo: rolling writes Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Yelp Photo: Vesi Nedelcheva Photo: TripAdvisor Photo: Public Domain Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Saint Frank Coffee Instagram (@saintfrankcoffee) Photo: StreetAdvisor Photo: Pinterest Photo: Dana Bakke, featuring Maggie Hartigan Photo: YouTube Photo: Hoodline Photo: Public Domain Photo: Lavanya Aggarwal Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Giovanna Chaves Photo: Louis Brickman Photo: waymarking.com Photo: Yelp Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Chris Hagan Photo: artbusiness.com Photo: Abigail Cox Photo: Alexander Hutu M2021, take this as motivation, curiosity, cross-Minerva-class-hand-me-down-nostalgia. This was our first Minerva home. These places were where we laughed, cried, and studied. Where we ate, drank, and stayed up too late. This is the city where we not only found home in the crevices of brick walls and grassy parks, but found home in each other. Minervans of 2021, I encourage you to visit these places that became home to us in San Francisco, and recognize them for what they meant to us. Make them yours. But, do not just rely on where we felt drawn. Explore. Find where you feel home. 
 Civic projects are an opportunity created by Minerva’s Student Experience team to help students engage with organizations in Minerva cities. They are meant to provide an opportunity to create deeper connections in the places we visit, and to build or practice professional skills outside of the classroom.  Each project involves a civic partner, which could be any person or organization that exists in the city, from individual writers to large corporations. These partners present a problem for Minerva students to tackle varying widely in scope and purpose. The projects are initiated following an event called Civitas, and presented at the end of the semester at another Minerva event labeled: Symposium. The projects have evolved to meet students’ demand for an outlet to leave an impact on the cities. In each project, students get to build relationships with locals, work on adding value to an organization, and cultivate skills that will be useful in their potential future careers.  Suraj Paneru, of the class of 2020, who worked with an early stage startup, Team Element, while in Seoul, says, “It gives me a chance to pursue something that teaches me lessons I never thought I would need.” Many students are deterred from pursuing projects for a variety of reasons. A prevalent issue that Student Experience staff has been working to fix is the lack of diversity in projects. In Seoul, students rejoiced at the science-related opportunities, which appeared for the first time. For example, a partnership with Ewha Womans University manifested into several different projects exploring biodiversity in Seoul and across the peninsula. A team of students worked to apply the Singapore Index on Cities’ Biodiversity to Seoul, and developed a GIS map illustrating the habitat connectivity of a single species across green spaces in and around the city.  Other students, however, were disappointed to find that many projects still centered around tech, finance, and other business roles. While these are still good opportunities, they cater to only a portion of student interests. Among the Symposium presentations in Seoul there was one project with Korean tech giant Naver, another IT based project with SAP, and two finance projects (one with a venture capital firm and one on blockchain for banking).  While these might appeal to a more diverse set of students in the particulars of the projects–the SAP project targeting corporate social responsibility and environmental issues in Seoul–it is striking to see that only one arts or humanities based project, done with Artisan to design an engaging educational experience, was showcased at the event.   Part of this struggle to fit individual interests might be due to the separation of industry and functional preferences, which can be difficult to find an overlap for. For example, a student interested in the medical field might not be interested in the data analysis skills required for a project redesigning a hospital’s layout and signage, as was offered by Asan Medical Center in Seoul. But, a student interested in social entrepreneurship might happen to connect with the direct impact opportunity of that very same project. Of course, the resonance of a particular project with a students’ passions and career objectives is only one element considered before deciding to join up.  Another obstacle many students struggle with is fitting a project into their busy schedules. Minerva students have extremely demanding academic workloads, with 12 hours spent in class per week along with two to four hours required to prepare for each class session. They are also engaged with internal student experience events, and student initiatives, which can take up five hours each week, with even more being required of leaders of such initiatives. Further, many students have work-study and need to spend ten hours per week on their jobs in order to cover their daily expenses.  But, even once all these hurdles are jumped, and a student commits to a project, there are still more obstacles to overcome. One of the most prominent hurdles for any project is the need to align expectations, both from students and partners, with partner’s needs, students skills and a realistic timeline and goals.  Minervans, as undergraduates, found themselves doing some grunt work as interns in a Hanyang epigenetics lab. Making it possible the initial hopes for the project were not realistic.  The team working with Naver was able to prototype a full app catered to foreigners in Seoul, but was not able to see it through user testing to potentially push for a launch.  These projects were still very successful at helping students grow and make a contribution to the organization, but they show how the actual experience of working on a civic project will often go astray from the impression made during the Civitas pitch.  There are benefits to be reaped by students partaking in these projects, which weigh against the aforementioned challenges in the decision to pursue a project.  Perhaps the simplest gain is experience, which can translate into resume and interview material, or help inform what types of opportunities the student might want to pursue moving forward,including the possibility of an offer to work with the partner in a formal internship over the summer. But, these impersonal benefits are usually accompanied by legitimate, substantial growth, which makes it much more valuable than a bullet point on a plea for employment. The lessons learned are diverse, and can translate into a leg up academically and professionally, as well as being valuable for character development.  Further, the outcome of these projects often manifests into something the organization continues to use and implement which may improve life for those who work for them, or even create something which a wide base of users benefit from. Plus, regardless of the lifespan of the final product, the relationships built with partners, as well as among peer teammates, tend to persist. This element of personal connection can easily be the most valuable takeaway from an experience, and should not be discounted when contemplating taking on a project.  Civic projects are changing, and generally improving, each semester. The number of projects offered and the diversity of industries represented has improved greatly, with only about 6 from last year between both Berlin and Buenos Aires, blossoming into nearly 30 possibilities in Seoul. As each semester passes, we also have more and more examples of projects that went right, which can help inform the design of new projects in new cities. Additionally, students are gaining experience working with partners in this capacity, which helps them play a better active role in creating the type of project they know to be valuable for all parties involved.  Staff are still struggling to create a consistent experience, and help with follow-up on projects that go astray. While some projects were presented at Symposium, a spreadsheet of thirty opportunities turned into ten presentations. What happened to the rest? Aside from internal continuity or follow-up, students can personally struggle to maintain relationships with partners once we have abandoned a city.  Civic projects feel like a necessary invention to make the most of Minerva’s seven-city model, but students should be aware of the pitfalls of the system as they contemplate joining a new project following Civitas Hyderabad this Friday, February 2nd.  Consider: what do you want to get out of the project; Connections, career-related experience, a different perspective on the culture. And, what are you going to offer to make the project successful? Hard skills? Team rallying and excitement? Can you dedicate enough time to the project? And, the key to fulfillment seems to be an appropriate mix of dedication and persistence with carefully measured expectations. 
 After several weeks of independent and sometimes chaotic coordination with peers, Minerva’s class of 2019 submitted ideas for tutorial courses on February 3. Current juniors in four of Minerva’s five colleges (excluding the College of Business) will take two to four tutorials their senior year, 2018-2019. Once students submit their ideas for tutorial courses, Minerva’s academic team will sort through requests, combine similar ideas, and hire faculty to teach the courses. Modeled on their counterparts at Oxford and Cambridge, tutorials are designed to give students the opportunity to deeply pursue topics of their own choosing. Along with several other peers and an advising professor, students create and explore their own course syllabus. Tutorials, in concert with Capstone projects, allow Minerva seniors an amount of academic flexibility unprecedented in their prior three years of highly structured studies.  Business majors at Minerva do not have the opportunity to take tutorials—instead, they have practicums in which they will be evaluated on their own entrepreneurial undertaking. “I’m excited to be able to cater the Minerva curriculum to my specific, narrow interests, and to have so much autonomy in deciding on the content and reading materials—the potential is endless,” says Vesi Nedelcheva, a junior majoring in social sciences.  A select number of juniors are currently enrolled in pilot tutorials whose subjects include:  AI ethics, cryptography, and ‘Strategizing for Success in the 21st Century.’  “It has been really cool so far,” says Joie Okoro, who has been taking the pilot tutorial on evolutionary medicine, “The facilitation of the class itself is hugely based on individual preparation and contributions, so if you have good people, you have a good class.” The tutorials present exciting opportunities, but students and faculty still have to overcome a number of challenges before the class of 2019 can enroll in the first iteration of class-wide tutorials starting Fall 2018. “I’m nervous about how Minerva will pull it off logistically,” says Patricia Miraflores, a junior double-major in Arts & Humanities and Social Sciences.  Her concerns echo the questions of other students: which tutorials will Minerva eventually offer; who will teach them; and how the courses will function. Information shared by the Academic team throughout January via announcements and an open Q&A session clarified the basic structure of tutorials and how students should submit their tutorial ideas. But answers to the previous questions depend on the ideas for tutorials that students only just submitted.  Some students have expressed frustration with the process and constraints of creating meaningful tutorials. “We’ve been asking for information on tutorials for three years,” says Gabriella Grahek, a junior majoring Natural Sciences with a minor in Social Sciences, “We get one notification about tutorials in The Morning [the daily newsletter for official announcements] and have to turn around ideas in a matter of weeks. It’s a short amount of time for such a big decision, and there has been very little guidance on best strategies for designing a strong tutorial.”  To cope with rushed and difficult demands, two students created their own solution. Adrian Goedeckemeyer and Guy Davidson, junior Computational Sciences majors, created a process for both proposing tutorial ideas and filtering (accepting or refusing) collaborators by setting up the website “Tutorialize.” The intention is to ease the burden of what they called in an announcement, “the cacophonic stampede we’ve all been experiencing.” The website allows students to propose tutorial topics, and other students to apply to be in those topics. The tutorial creators can anonymously reject students if they want to.  “This solution is in no way ideal, but it’s the best we could come up with so quickly,” say Goedeckemeyer and Davidson.
 
 “Come in. Mind the carton boxes”. When we first met face-to-face with President Yoav Rabinovich for our interview, he seemed almost like a regular student procrastinating in his room. It’s easy to forget that just a few days ago, he reigned as class president over two cohorts. He sat in a mess of oily paper plates, half-opened flavor packets and plastic pizza savers, like tiny tables strewn over his actual table. Clearly, the past few days were hard on our former commander-in-cheese. “Why did I do it? Why do we sprinkle cheese and tomato sauce on dough and put it in an oven? For the people. All my effort was always in order to improve the lives of my fellow students. We each deserve a slice of the pie. I never lost sight of that”, he said, before we could get a word in. President Rabinovich started his career in politics in 2017 in San Francisco, when the first ever ASM elections where held for the class of 2020. His revolutionary platform inspired many, recognizing those student needs that are more fundamental than coherent academic policies and mental health: namely, the need for free pizza. He delivered a hot, fresh message, in 30 minutes or less. His determination to run for the imaginary title of Class President was received favorably by his voter base, a subsection of the population that— as analysts often point out—  is disproportionately fond of recreational use of cannabinoids and internet memes. The tenure following President Rabinovich’s first victory was productive and promising. He unilaterally claimed to have officially sponsored  numerous events that happened to include free pizza, and made it his personal mission to deliver leftover pizza from HQ to 1412 on two distinct Mondays. His contributions were recognized by foreign authorities, notably when he was gifted a free pizza coupon that SXP President Mike Wang found online. No one was surprised, therefore, when in Seoul he won the coveted title of President of the Unified Cohorts (POTUC). But since then, our president faded in prominence, and many were disheartened when he did not run for a third tenure. Some attributed this disappearance to the poor state of pizza quality in South Korea, while others suspected he might have been assassinated by Vegan terrorist cells. We reached out to Kalia Ruth Barkai, Rabinovich’s former Campaign Manager for her comment on the fall in his popularity: “In the end, the joke died. We tried to convince him to run under a different flag: mandatory weed breaks, nerf-gun control… But it was clear that we wouldn’t get the laughs we needed for a worthwhile boost to our egos. It was over.”  But was the presidency really just a joke? Nothing but a reference to a trope in election-themed episodes of American sitcoms? We think Rabinovich might actually have been making a poignant commentary on the state of Minerva politics. On this, President Rabinovich commented: “You mean, that I was emphasizing the absurdity of the ASM? That fulfilling any of their goals with the meager power they possess is as unlikely as any outlandish promise I choose to make? That the entire enterprise is a glorified model UN, and that it’s not taken seriously enough by either the staff or the students to have an impact? Nah.” Speculation and garlic bread aside, whether he is topping your president charts with extra-ease, or he has left you with a burn on the roof of your mouth, Rabinovich earned our trust by earning his crust. But whichever way you slice it, no amount of pizza savers could keep the lid from closing on this man’s presidency. Disclaimer: Any similarity between the author of this article and its subject is purely coincidental, and no conflict of interest worth noting was involved.
 BUENOS AIRES – On Saturday, January 21, 2017 people from all corners of the planet gathered at hundreds of locations around the world (673 to be exact) to march in solidarity with the “Women’s March on Washington.” The main march occurred in Washington D.C., U.S. The idea behind the march began in response to the U.S. election results in November, 2016 that named Donald Trump President-Elect. While the “Women’s March on Washington” was inspired by Trump’s election, it is not fundamentally about opposing Donald Trump, but rather is based on the “Unity Principles.” With emphasis on equality for all, the “Women’s March on Washington” drew several million people in locations across all seven continents including Antarctica. In Buenos Aires, Argentina at least 20 Minerva students from the class of 2019 attended the “Marcha Solidaria de Mujeres: Edición Buenos Aires” which took place from 11:00-14:00 UTC-03:00 in front of the U.S. Embassy at Plaza Intendente Sebeer, Argentina and drew roughly 80-100 attendees. The event was coordinated via Facebook by Rosalia Lloréns and included a crowd of Argentinians, South Americans, expats, exchange students, and immigrants (both from the U.S. to Argentina and vice versa), as well as representatives from various organizations. Attendees brought signs with statements including “Los Derechos de Mujeres Son Derechos de Humanos” (“The Rights of Women are Human Rights”), “Girls Just Want to Have Fun-Damental Rights,” and “Love Trumps Hate,” among others. One attendee, Samantha, came from Austin, Texas and is traveling around the world for work throughout 2017. When asked what she was marching for, Samantha said, “I am marching against bullies, against not valuing words enough to use them well, and I’m marching against not standing up for the other. I’m marching for the other, minorities, and marginalized people, LGBT communities, immigrants…they–we–need each other.” Samantha also shared what she hopes will come out of the marches occurring around the world and said,”The big hope is that somehow Trump doesn’t stay President for long. That probably isn’t possible, but the other hope is … ‘bridges not walls’, national endowment to arts, women’s rights, stopping violence against women…that these things are actually heard by the conservative government and not brushed off. We want to be heard and feel that we are safe and protected by our government as we should be. And we’ll be noisy if we aren’t. Historically, I don’t know how much difference it makes. There were a ton of Vietnam protests and I don’t how much difference it made. At the very least we don’t feel as alone.” While Samantha and the crowd of attendees gathered under the shade of a tree in the plaza, 23 Argentinian law enforcement officials stood by in front of the U.S. embassy. Of the 23 enforcement officials, 14 (all female) were equipped in full riot gear. No interaction, beyond scarce friendly conversation, between police force and protesters was witnessed throughout the duration of the official march. While the police were formally there to protect the embassy, one man who has lived in Argentina for 21 years and who later spoke at the event emphasized, “Don’t resent the presence of the police, be grateful for the protection of the police” in an attempt to remind people to always be observing who is on your side. The same man also spoke to why he was at the protest, saying, “I detest Donald Trump, but I am not here because I resent Donald Trump. I am here because I am for the rights of women.”  Argentinian Law Enforcement standing guard by the U.S. Embassy. Lloréns, the coordinator, used the stump of a tree as an improvised platform starting at 13:00, from which she shared the “Unity Principles” (in English and Spanish) that guided the “Women’s March on Washington” and was the guide for the event in Buenos Aires as well as the hundreds of other protest locations around the world. After sharing the guiding principles, Lloréns offered the stump for others in the crowd to speak in any language and share their feelings, ideas for action, and information about the organizations that they represent.  An attendee using the tree stump as a platform to share information about an organization while the crowd listens and cheers. Over the next hour numerous individuals took the opportunity to share. The speeches from the stump ranged from informative (representatives from organizations like Pregnant Then Screwed), to personal (fights against workplace sexual harassment and objectification), to calls for action (reminders of the#grabyourwallet campaign and the many ways to vote beyond the ballot). All who shared spoke in a tone to inspire the attendees to take action not only on January 21, 2017, but every day until human equality is achieved.  Sign says “Pussy Grabs Back: We Will No Longer Hold Your Secrets In Our Feminine Pockets”. The first attendee to take the stump was Laura Sofia Castro, a Minerva Class of 2019 student studying in Buenos Aires for the 2017 spring semester. Laura shared a poem she had written that encompassed the experiences of objectification she, and many women, face on a regular basis. When asked to summarize the main message of her poem, Castro says, “Cat calling or verbal sexual harassment on the streets is a power move. As a woman, it leaves you without an option. Given the nature of it, it is clearly not a flattering or even flirtatious action. It is diminishing. Defending yourself might compromise your safety and ignoring it signifies allowing it to keep happening. Even just thinking about it generates anxiety and makes the perpetrator win. These events that might seem insignificant are the basis for sexism in our society and clearly exemplify the patriarchal environment we have to fight against daily.” Castro’s full poem can be found here. Castro also shared what drew her to the protest in Buenos Aires, and said, “I feel the need to express my disappointment towards the state of world politics and how someone who expresses clearly sexist and diminishing views came to have such a position of power, which normalizes and justifies violence against women, as well as my willingness to fight back in any way I can.”  Minerva Class of 2019 student Laura Sofia Castro wrote her message “Sorry for the Inconvenience – They’re Killing Us” on her body. Other Minerva students who attended brought signs stating “Build Bridges Not Walls” and “Spread Love” while some even used sharpies to write fierce statements on their bodies such as “Still Nasty,” “Disculpen Las Molestias – Nos Estan Matando” (“Sorry for the Inconvenience – They’re Killing Us”) and “My Body – Not Yours”.  Minerva Class of 2019 Student Lusana Ornelas.  Poster stating “Spread Love” held by Minerva Class of 2019 student Margot Van der Sande.  Minerva Class of 2019 Students Corey Orndorff and Natalie Kanter pose in Buenos Aires. Zoey Haar, another student from the Minerva Class of 2019 wrote the word “Mine” across her exposed stomach and “Also Mine” across her exposed chest. When asked what inspired the phrasing, Haar says, “When I wrote the message on my body I was thinking specifically of women’s health and reproductive rights in the U.S., but I think it can be interpreted in many valid ways. It’s my body, and I make the rules about what I wear, how I use it, how I care for it, and how I write on it.” Haar was drawn to today’s protest because, as she says, “This movement has resonated around the globe because it has such an important message of love and respect for all people. The movement is powerful, proud, and good, and I knew that in joining women around the world we would be taking part in history.”  Minerva Class of 2019 Student Zoey Haar. Another attendee, Maria Gomez Bustillo, is a 20 year old female originally from Buenos Aires who has moved back and forth from the United States and is now at university in Buenos Aires. As such, Bustillo has had a cross-cultural childhood and education. When asked if she plans to make any changes in her life beyond attending protests, Bustillo says, “I am surrounded by people who are unfortunately very ignorant about issues all women face. So I want to be braver in speaking out when they say things that are hurtful and damaging, I think if I can speak with my friend group and spread this message, that will bring change.”  Maria Gomez Bustillo, wearing shirt with the phrase “Girl Gang”. The attendees were of all ages, many countries, and inspired to march in solidarity with the “Women’s March on Washington” for many reasons. After numerous speeches, lots of clapping, shouting, and inspiration, Rosalia Lloréns ended the formal event at 14:00 and the crowd dissipated entirely by about 14:30. The female law enforcement dressed in riot gear were left as they were, standing undisturbed, just as they were at the start of the event three hours prior, marking the successful completion of a peaceful protest. While the formal event ended, the perhaps most important question remains: what occurs after the protest? Castro spoke to the benefit of the experience and says, “Today’s rally allowed me to make meaningful connections in Buenos Aires with activists groups that are out on the streets, doing groundwork to make our society progress. I intend to join them and put my energy and efforts into helping advance this movement and helping in any way possible. This is what I want to dedicate my life to, making the world a better place for everyone, especially marginalized groups that have to fight for basic safety and dignity on a day to day basis.” While connections made at events like this are important, there is also a lot of haziness in making plans for action after such an experience. Samantha, the world traveller from Austin, when asked if she plans to change anything in her life in response to the presidency, beyond attending protests, reflected and says, “I don’t have an answer right now, but something definitely has to happen. Change takes more than just protest marches. I don’t know what will be most effective. Calling representatives or donating money. I don’t have a game plan. I don’t know how to get the people that really need to hear to listen.” This is a sentiment shared by many, and is certainly a difficult question to address. Protests show democracy in action, but the change they demand only arrives with hard, continuous, deliberate, and intentional effort. The “Women’s March on Washington” started on January 21, 2017 and only time will tell if it ended where it began or if it finds new beginnings and continuous roots in, what many argue, is a time of political turbulence.
 There is more to the Olympics than the athletics. As an event that brings several countries around the world together every four years, it naturally brings the potential to get politicized. Examples include the Russian rigging at the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014, the combining of the North and South Korean hockey teams, and the appearance of Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Un. Of course, the national pride of many is at stake because it is a unique moment when so many people of the world collide at one place with their home’s eyes resting on their shoulders. Though one might prefer not, the Olympics can serve an optimal opportunity to stage different types of power plays.  Beyond the politics, the Olympics display many countries’ growth. Although the US holds the most Olympic medals, the glory comes less from Americans’ inherent ability to be dominant in all sports and more from the ability of the US to put a lot of funds and effort into their national team. This observation is not meant to detract from the talent of previous US teams but to point out that if all countries were similarly endowed, the competition’s difficulty level would rise exponentially. So, when you are watching the Olympics and see some obscure country you have never heard of win a gold medal, rather than be angry, you should wonder what that medal means for that country. There is good reason to speculate that economic prosperity and population size are the factors that lead to higher medal counts.  While growth is most evident in these up-and-coming countries, a different type of growth can also occur in already well-established countries. For the United States, the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics have visibly presented new faces: Asian Americans. There has been Asian American representation in past US teams, but with seven out of fourteen figure skaters of Asian descent and Chloe Kim recently winning the gold for halfpipe snowboarding at seventeen, this American minority has received a plate of well-deserved attention. In addition, they help make up the most diverse Team USA at the Winter Olympics to date, with ten African American and two openly gay athletes.  Given the ethnic makeup of the United States and its promoted title of being one of the “melting pots of the world,” the growing diversity of the United States Olympic team is significant. The typical US Olympic athlete over the years has tended to be white presenting. When thinking of the current greats, an American might quickly point out Michael Phelps or Shaun White, but it would be a little harder if pressed to name a person of color. Giving screen time and glory to a different American ethnicity shows the world a better representation of what America truly is. More importantly, it reminds American people of color at home of the limitless bounds they can achieve, instead of reinforcing a psychological stereotype of what they cannot. But why Asian Americans? Why put so much focus on them? When you think about the race-focused civil rights issues going on in the United States and across the world, Asian Americans are not the first minority to come to mind. Rather, examples of the pain and unfair treatment of African Americans and of President Trump trying to pull away the rights and homes of the Latino minority dominate the news.  There does not seem to be much of a fuss about Asian Americans. Sure, some ignorant person might pull the edges of their eyes to make them squinty. Yes, people make fun of recent immigrants’ thick accents. There is a stereotype of Asians being smart in school, but it does not seem that bad. It is these exact sentiments that make the representation of this minority important.  Asian Americans are often made out to be the Model Minority. We have tiger parents who want us to become doctors or lawyers. We work hard in school to meet the expectations of our parents, get all A’s, and steal the valedictorian spot from many privileged white kids. We exit high school with ridiculously high SAT scores and have seemingly amazing chances of getting into any college. Despite many of us having modest backgrounds, we work hard and have the best chances at social mobility upward. This is what allowed the white majority to don us with the name of Model Minority.  One problem with the Model Minority status is that the majority then uses Asian Americans’ positive development to make the argument that if one minority can pull themselves up the social ladder with their hard work, the problem is not the opportunities America is offering but an internal problem with the minorities. This false but widespread claim drives a division between minorities, for the Asian minority’s example seems to threaten their well-warranted claims of unfairness and discrimination. The Asian stereotype is, as stereotypes often are, not reflective of reality. Despite our good performance in school, we are often rejected from prestigious schools in the multitudes, leading to outrage that can even involve the Supreme Court. Our performance at the highest tier in education does not seem to correlate with a rise in our representation among the richest, as the CEOs our peers thought we would become. The public often exaggerates school performance, ignoring great parts of the minority that struggle in poverty, unable to do their best in academics. African Americans and Latinos do seem to experience a more direct discrimination, but this should not invalidate the struggles of Asian Americans or forget a history of hurt as seen by the mistreatment of the Chinese in California in the United States’ formational years or the Japanese American internment during World War II.  It is not the reality, but rather fragments of truths that support the Model Minority idea and its prominence in the population changes how Asian Americans view themselves and how they are viewed by others. We are caught in the middle with the title of “Model Minority.” We are not truly a part of the majority with their privileges, but we cannot complain about being a minority since we seem to overcome the difficulty of social mobility without a problem.  This thinking easily infects Asian Americans as well and rings even more deeply into how we live our lives. We do not complain because somehow we are still “privileged.” Our parents might tell us that we should be doctors or lawyers, and though American society says we can do more than that, the bubble expands only slightly to, perhaps, a software developer or a businessperson. Why would we dream of being an artist? A singer? An athlete? Why would we think that? Are we not asking for too much? And so we keep silent. We are shown to the nation as a “Model Minority” and taught to be a “Silent Minority.”  Seeing other Asian Americans on TV and winning is so important because it means a change in thinking. Chloe Kim is winning gold in snowboarding, while Nathan Chen and Mirai Nagasu are making history with their beautiful spins on ice. If they can do it, the box we were in was simply imaginary. A new possibility emerges that we can do something different—that we can do anything at all.
 Since Minerva’s founding year, few student-driven initiatives have maintained a consistent and active presence. Though the Student Experience Team has attempted to aid students in creating “clubs,” called Minerva Communities, or MiCos, only a few have emerged for posterity. A combination of the travel, intense workload, small student body, and other factors have likely contributed to this reality.  One of the success stories is MORE — Minerva Outdoor Recreation and Exploration. It is one of the most active MiCos, present in all of Minerva’s classes since its founding in San Francisco during Minerva’s very first year. Two members of the Founding Class, Ian Van Buskirk and Sultanna Krispil, started it in 2015 when they paired up for MiCo Launch Day.  Van Buskirk grew up in Georgia, where he lived only two hours away from the mountains and went on frequent camping and hiking trips. Krispin from Ontario, Canada, by contrast, attended a high school without many outdoor activities. When the two came to Minerva, both realized they wanted to make outdoor activities a part of their college experience. The idea behind MORE was to provide an experience beyond camping and exploring. It was intended to help students organize trips and respect different, diverse, and beautiful places, while learning about their cultural and historical meanings. They wanted to help Minerva students situate themselves in the world and understand the environmental consequences of their camping and outdoor experiences.  Since then, MORE trips have brought together Minerva students from different social groups and backgrounds through outdoor exploration. The experience of spending several days with the same group of people has forged unexpected bonds and enabled many students to learn about their classmates’ unexpected skills and stories.  In Minerva’s second academic year, during which the Founding Class took a gap year, Inaugural Class students Devora “DD” Klionsky and Eliana Sullivan took over MORE.  Sullivan, born and raised in Oregon, grew up engaging in outdoor activities. She decided to take on MORE as a way to continue her love of nature and to share it with other students who are interested in the outdoors but may not necessarily take the initiative to organize trips on their own. In both the Founding and Inaugural years, the organizers said it was initially hard to get people to join trips, as everyone was adjusting to life in a new city and school.  MORE’s popularity grew with time and as it gained an established purpose and identity. With each new year of incoming students, MORE has taken on a new meaning and form. Toni Schroeder and Hana Mcmahon Cole of the Class of 2020 lead some trips for their classmates this year and during their year in San Francisco. For them, MORE is an opportunity for people leave their computer screens and have adventures with friends in nature. Students from the Class of 2021 on a recent MORE trip. | Photo: Bella Buchanan Even though there have been very successful trips, MORE has had its challenges. The trips usually try to get as many people as they can, sometimes more than the organizers can handle. Everything is then carefully planned to handle that amount of people but unfortunately, some students who join do not commit, and their initial excitement fades away and tedious reorganization is needed. There is also the ongoing issue that neither class has been able to define what exactly MORE provides to the community. Is MORE just a group of students that gets together to explore the cities, or is it a travel agency for the Minerva community? There is also no system which decides who gets to join the trips: the experienced campers or those who have never camped? This dilemma emerged particularly from the experience that some hikes and adventures proved to be quite challenging for beginners. Given these problems, students have at times opted out of a MORE trip and instead gone on outdoor activities with their own friends, missing the chance to meet new people. MORE has yet to establish a clear objective as a MiCo as new students join Minerva. Nevertheless, it has had multiple successful trips, fostering positive memories for the participants. “Going over these memories… it makes me happy.” From running behind a bus to seeing a bear walk through the bushes, every MORE trip has given its participants stories they will cherish and remember for years to come.  The Pacific Ocean sunset during a 2015 MORE trip to Steep Ravine, near Muir Woods National Monument. | Photo: Tanna Krispil The first MORE trip was one to Steep Ravine and included half of the Minerva student body at the time – 14 out of 28. For some, it was the first time they had ever gone camping, adding to the excitement. Those who took part look back on it fondly, wistfully remembering it is one of their happiest early memories of Minerva.  The gear needed for the trip was crowdsourced by Minerva staff and student’s families living near San Francisco.  As the students began their trip, they quickly learned one of the first lessons with which any past MORE participant is well acquainted: public transportation never comes when it is supposed to, so, hitchhike! The students with their four days worth of camping gear had to take a taxi to the respective bus stop where they patiently waited for their late bus, to finally see it coming — Hallelujah! — before shamelessly rushing past them without any intention of stopping. Van Buskirk’s first survival instinct was to run after the bus for seven or eight blocks in the hopes of stopping the bus, convincing the driver to turn back and pick up the 14 other students who needed to be on that bus. Needless to say, that did not happen. 
 After boarding the next bus, they finally arrived at Steep Ravine.  The food they brought required cooking and as they prepared to eat, it started raining, making it impossible to build a fire. They decided to start picking strawberries and anything else they could find from the surrounding campground, but at that moment the neighboring campers offered to build a fire together.  In 2016, Sullivan and Klionsky organized a trip for the Inaugural Class to Samuel P. Taylor State Park, for which 12 students signed up. In an effort to build interest in the trip, they sent a satirical email which included instructions on how to use a cup, mug, and a sleeping bag. They rented a van from Chariot  — one of the Bay Area’s start-up transportation companies — rather than use public transit, to ensure they would arrive comfortably at the right spot. Sullivan’s main worry was how they would fit the 12 courageous participants and four days worth of camping gear into a Chariot that was supposed to hold 10 people.  Some members of Minerva’s Class of 2020 made a trip at the end of their Foundation Year in San Francisco to Sequoia National Park. The eight students, led by Schroeder, remember silently hiking when they heard some twigs and branches of some nearby bushes starting to rustle. “Bear!” someone yelled, and they all start screaming and running away from whatever it was, with the exception of experienced outdoorsman Braden, who told everyone to stop screaming and stay still, in case the bear felt threatened. The bear, luckily, wasn’t feeling sociable, and slowly backed off. The students resumed their walk, this time making as much noise as they could. Class of 2020 students on a MORE trip last year. | Photo: Toni Schroeder MORE has also been present in the M2021 community since a Yosemite trip organized by students Thea Walmsley, Kira Fines-Kested, Anya Chen, and Bella Buchanan, who had heard about MORE during Ascent — Minerva’s accepted students weekend. They have since planned several small trips together to Yosemite and Lake Tahoe but will now start to delegate roles for the semester’s upcoming trips. The success of their past trips and others led by different members of the community led to their current goal of creating a central document for students which includes all of the Bay Area’s outdoor spaces and lets students know about upcoming trips they can join. They also plan to collaborate with classmate Tom Pless, who has organized spontaneous secret location night hikes. After quite a few outings, here are a few important recommendations to keep in mind when joining or organizing a MORE trip, as explained by Toni, Hana, Eli, Ian, and Tanna: Do not underestimate the importance of good gear. It is extremely important; bad quality shoes could cause you to slip on a tricky trail and hurt yourself. MORE trips can be tricky to plan. It is important to cap the number of people according to the camping capacity. It is also important to involve and make people commit from day one to establish group dynamics and cooperation. While some organizers pay for everything themselves and only ask for money at the end, others crowdfund money at the beginning to purchase the things they need. However, they all agree: having extra cash for the trip is never a bad idea. You never know where you will find a functional ATM. Some MORE trips are more challenging than others. It is important that everyone is aware what they are getting themselves into from the start to avoid any inconvenience or injury that might happen along the way. Everyone has to be responsible for providing their things. Not only the appropriate gear, but water, suitable clothes, a properly sized bag and any other things that you are aware you will need. The more prepared you are, the less chance of a mishap! Motivation is key! Who doesn’t get excited when the trip involves things that you can only experience in this particular country?
 Happy International Women’s Day! This is an important day that brings awareness to women’s rights and women’s issues. Here at The Meekly, it has been brought to our attention that sometimes our ladies need stuff that is just for them, so in honor of this day, we’re creating the section Meekly: For Her. It’s got all the stuff girls care about AND it’s pink! Check out our first piece on products that are just for girls. So girls can use them. Empowerment!(Seriously, just click on them.)    Finally some goddamn peace and quiet that comes in a color the fairer sex can use        JEWELED ACCENTS, LADIES!! They have jeweled accents!! This is not a drill!            A life-threatening emergency is no excuse to be drab. You can now break the side window, cut the seatbelt, and escape a life of blissful ignorance of your mortality in style!        As a woman, I’ve never applied for a credit card because they just smell so darn plain. Not anymore! Now I can buy shoes and makeup without a minute of sensory deprivation.         Hey, girls, don’t you just hate it when you want to consume calories to sustain yourself but you CAN’T because your chips are just TOO DAMN CRUNCHY? Well good news! Doritos is planning on making a line of chips just for ladies. The chips have yet to be released, so please enjoy this unlicensed stock photo of a woman eating normal chips out of an unlabeled bag. Maybe she can use Pretty in Pink earplugs to muffle the crunch until Doritos saves the day.            Note: if you would like to donate to one of these causes but are having difficulty, reach out to The Meekly staff and we can try to help navigate the process.
 SAN FRANCISCO – The Residence Hall was quieter than usual on Thursday December 14, the day before projects were due. In every common space, students were working, and all the room doors were closed, a rare sight for this social cohort. The students finished up the fall term with a final project, a research paper related to one aspect of a big question. Groups of four were assigned to one of 59 questions that they will continue to explore together in the spring. Final project groups broke down their question into smaller topics that they would individually researched in the fall semester. There were three major differences between final projects and other assignments: there was more freedom in the topic to research, HCs were used in the context of these topics, and there was collaboration and an exchange of ideas between students. Because there was some choice in the topic for these research papers, it was an excellent opportunity for all students to explore something they are interested in. Students had the option to dive deeper into something they already have a strong background in, but it was also a chance to test something out if you are unsure about it. With no commitment to a major or longer-term internship, they could explore something they might not have devoted time to otherwise. Minerva emphasizes the interdisciplinary aspect of the academic program and the variety of final project topics made the connections clear. The HCs also provided a framework for comparing questions from different areas of study.  For example, using evidence to support an argument is important in all fields, so it is relevant to all of our questions. Students in topics ranging from health to media to art could use the same HC. This allows us to compare and evaluate applications of our skills in different contexts and see how all of the classes relate to each other. During classes and assignments, many students felt frustrated by the emphasis on the HCs without substantial content in the courses. Final projects were different from other assignments because it was the first time in their time at Minerva that the class of 2021 got to research a question they were interested in. The topics were from all fields including sciences, media, and technology. Applying the HCs in context helped to solidify the students’ understanding of them. The class of 2021 also got to use their peers as resources for this assignment. Countless surveys were posted on the class Facebook pages. Close to the deadline, students read over each other’s papers and gave feedback. This was one of the most exciting parts of the process because each essay was different. When peer editing assignments, students usually have an idea of what will be included, but this was not the case for final projects. During two First Fridays, monthly Minerva events on various personal and professional development topics, students worked on different aspects of final projects. In October they started brainstorming big questions before the deadline for submission to the academic team. Part of the activity was to read each other’s tentative questions and give feedback to make them stronger. This exchange of ideas was exciting because it fostered a culture of sharing ideas and information. Even among the first year class, there is an extraordinary wealth of knowledge which started to become apparent in the final project process. Questions were ultimately submitted individually, but it was a collaborative effort because students could choose from a list of questions from peers and civic partners. The November First Friday was the first time final project groups met. They discussed the breakdown of their big question. Groups of four students were assigned to one of 59 questions. Within these questions, each group member chose a sub-question and wrote an individual research paper in the fall. At the end of the First Friday, there was another opportunity to share with someone in a group with a different big question. Of course, after the deadline, there was an informal celebration at Bob’s Donuts. Over 20 students made the trek up Polk Street from the Residence Hall and filled the tiny donut shop. As some students said goodbyes for the break, everyone got to reflect on how far they have come since September and look forward to continuing their Minerva journey in January. As anticipation for break grew, so did excitement for civic projects and final projects (part two) next semester. Final projects set the stage for engagement in the city in the Spring. Students will use them as a springboard to talk to civic partners and integrate more into the San Francisco community. Below are brief descriptions of a few projects from M21. How can we educate homeless adults in Tenderloin neighborhood SF using modern technology like the ALF to let them fit into the competitive job fields? Asmaa Aly My final project worked with adult homeless people in the Tenderloin neighbourhood. I worked with them to know the potentials and skills of these homeless adults. My study worked with six people, and interacting with them enriched me with much experience and warmth from them as they were telling my their stories. How could Minerva students effectively integrate environment-friendly practices in their everyday lives with a least possible amount of expenses? Peter Song I tackled the energy efficiency aspect by comparing two colleges with different location and school size to see existing solutions. My final project question is “How do students at Boston University and Pomona College practice energy efficiency in their daily lives?” The paper compares and contrasts their energy efficient practices on the individual (e.g., student), the group (e.g., student government), and the collegiate level (e.g., college projects, senior members that manages college’s infrastructure). How can we build Machine Learning models to improve the learning experience on the ALF? Mohamed Gad The project is mainly about how to improve the learning experience on the ALF by using machine learning. I compared the different techniques of machine learning, and weighed their pros and cons to reach the best one that should be applied. How might we ensure responsible antibiotic use in SF to stop the formation of drug resistant bacteria? Erin Paglione In my paper, I examined the current plans to address antibiotic resistance globally and in the US. I zeroed in on one simple but effective initiative to put up poster-sized letters in physician offices that affirm the doctor’s commitment to antibiotic stewardship (using antibiotics only when necessary and in the most efficient way). The preliminary study I read showed a 9.8% decrease in unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions which could make a significant impact on antibiotic resistance.
 Recent reports confirm a long time speculation that four of your best friends from Minerva are planning on spending Quinquatria break with your mom.  Sources close to your mom indicate she is planning on taking a vacation on the 20 and 21 of March, and has refused multiple dinner party invites from her middle-aged friends.  Speaking to these friends, we can now say the plan is to go somewhere remote, definitely sunny, like the Bahamas or Cancun, because they don’t really want to go sightseeing, they just want to chill with your mom.  “We just want to hang out,” said one of these friends, “Have some good food, drink a bit, mostly chill on the beach, evenings in hot tub with your mom. I don’t really want to get out of bed before 12:00 pm.” Your mom’s boss has reported that she has been working extremely hard lately, and he hopes that this vacation will help her unwind and provide her with, “the relaxation she really needs.” Other office employees have given her lotion and a new bikini. Our sources confirm that this will probably be the vacation your mom has needed for a long time.  Despite reaching out, no comment has been received from your dad. 
 The world was deeply saddened to hear of the death of Dr. Stephen Hawking on Wednesday, March 14. No constituency was more distraught than the World Council of Stephens, which called an emergency meeting later that same night to decide how best to honor the late world-renowned physicist.  The Council held a press conference early Thursday morning to announce their decision to retire the name Stephen out of respect for former Alpha Stephen, Dr. Hawking. This unprecedented move is pulled straight from the playbook of professional sports teams, who routinely retire the number of a great player when he or she leaves the team. It is unknown at this time if Dr. Hawking was a fan of sports, but sources close to him suggest that he did not play them often. “It was the right thing to do,” said a software engineer formerly known as Stephen, who bravely stepped up to head the Stephen Renaming Task Force, which will begin operations immediately.  When asked if he thought there would be any resistance to the change from the global population of Stephens, The Software Engineer Formerly Known as Stephen said, “We Stephens, er, Former Stephens, are a pretty tight-knit community and we loved serving under Dr. Hawking. I doubt there will be much dissent.”  The Task Force is still trying to decide if Former Stephens will be given new names respectively or if one name will be chosen, but sources interviewed at the press conference indicate that the preference is for everyone keeping the same name, as the Council enjoys ordering stationary in bulk.  
 UserVoice, Minerva’s past student feedback platform, has been retired by the administration after realizing that it was not representative of all student groups. Students must now find a better way to communicate between students and make changes to the university. Stella Serger, an ASM representative for the Class of 2020, has some ideas. Find out what she thinks in this first interview of the ‘Minerva Visions’ series! *** Minerva Visions is a new Quest series which will explore the various ideas that students, staff, and faculty have for Minerva’s future.
 We’ve all been there. Your palms are sweaty…your heart is palpitating…you’re about to have your first kiss. Here are five simple steps to make you feel better on game day:     And there you have it, our five tips for kissing that will get you through game day. And in case saliva isn’t enough and our tips work too well, you’re going to need this. Have fun out there slugger!
 This story is inspired by true events, some of which have been included in this report.  The Jewish faith celebrates a variety of holidays and festivals throughout the year, largely of the “they tried to kill us, we survived, let’s eat” variety. The upcoming celebration of Passover is no exception…well maybe a slight exception. For Passover, the “let’s eat” portion of events requires the shirking of all flavourful, doughy, soft, delightful bread in favour of a dry cracker to remind us that the suffering never really needs to end. Illustrator: Tanna Krispil Doing Passover in a country where the entirety of the Jewish population is composed of Israeli tourists isn’t exactly a piece of flourless cake.  The odds of matzo appearing at the local grocery store seem akin to those of it falling from the sky like manna…slim. Luckily, we have Amazon.in, the fastest way to order products in India. Amazon.in sells an array of matzo themed goodies including, but not limited to: matzo key-chains, picture books, mugs, and ceramic boxes to hold your matzo. Everything except… matzo. Illustrator: Tanna Krispil Next stop: Amazon.com, the online repository for all things that should and should not be available to have delivered to your doorstep.  The answer to the Amazon matzo question is: yes. You can order matzo online, that’s a thing now. But you better get your order in early because matzo is currently on back-order. The convenience of not having to venture outside for your cardboard crackers has ensnared so many people that sellers have run out.  Reports have now confirmed that this problem was augmented by a mix-up at a central Amazon storage facility which, mistook the crackers for actual cardboard and, for three weeks used it as packing material for all outgoing shipments until the error was realized.  But wait! Foreign nationals cannot import goods into India. All packages will be stopped at customs and will not be cleared without an Indian voter card, passport or other government identification.  What does this mean? Five pound of unleavened bread–the minimum quantity for online matzo orders–sitting at customs. Sad boxes of matzo, growing dusty in a forgotten corner. Going from stale to soft as their annual period of utility comes and goes, while they remain prisoners of foreign import regulations.  The Ministry of Culture has its own plans regarding the import and distribution of matzo in India. With the rising popularity of matzo themed accessories and prints among youth, and a desire the integrate what they deemed to be the best elements of Judaism into their culture– They had purchased massive amounts of matzo and are holding any boxes trying to enter the country of their own volition in order to increase drama and excitement around their plan for the mass distribution of matzo as a new official Indian flatbread, hitting stores March 30. Illustrator: Tanna Krispil This initiative has been timed to match both the Jewish holiday involving matzo, for some added cultural flare, and the end of school exams, making matzo the food of summer fun. 
 This article is the first article in a new series by Minerva’s Rethinking Economics Hub. You can read the second article here. India forces producers to set a maximum price on their products. The intention is to protect consumers from high prices, but it is criticized for disturbing the free market. Every packaged product sold in India has to have a MRP – maximum retail price – the maximum price that can be charged for the product. Thus you should never have to pay above that price. It is printed on every product, and you can double-check the price on the product with the price on the bill.  Recently India also introduced the GST – the goods and services tax. That is the tax you see on restaurant or shopping bills. Now, this tax is already included in the MRP. If a shop seller tries to charge you for GST on top of the price of the product, you can happily refuse.  Restaurants and hotels can charge you a higher MRP on packaged products, like water bottles. However, they are technically not allowed to charge you the GST on top of that water bottle. This practically never happens. They always charge you. Additionally, sellers can apply cooling charges, which can increase the price.   When sellers illegally charge tourists more than locals, this counts as price discrimination. From each customer, they can get the highest price they are willing to pay. Consumer surplus decreases (dark blue triangles in Image 1), since the price adjusts for each consumer (P2 → P0) while the demand curve (red line) remains the same. Producer surplus increases (shaded blue) for every discriminatory step. While this price discrimination may be seen as unfair as it distinguishes between customers, it can also be seen as fair to charge tourists higher for their visit, as their willingness to pay is higher. Image 1: Price Discrimination Economists highly criticize the MRP for its intrusion of the free market. This makes sense as the government imposes a price ceiling on goods. Let us visit the microeconomics of this: Image 2: Free Market Image 2 shows the free market equilibrium of supply and demand (blue lines). Where the two blue lines cross is the market equilibrium and thus the efficient price (Pe) at the efficient quantity (Qe) given consumers’ demand and producers’ supply. Consumer surplus (purple) is the area between the demand curve and the market price, and shows the amount consumers paid less, even though they were willing to pay more. Producer surplus (orange) is the area between the supply curve and the market price, and shows the amount of money producers received more for a product, even though they were willing to accept less for it.   Image 3: Price Ceiling Image 3 shows the imposition of a price ceiling. The green horizontal line is the MRP, since we set the price lower than what it naturally (efficiently) might become. The imposed price equals the supply curve at a lower quantity (Qs) and the demand curve at a higher quantity (Qd). This means there is less supply but more demand than at market equilibrium. This situation creates shortages, since more consumers want to buy the product at this price than there is quantity supplied. It also creates deadweight loss (red) , which is a loss to society as it takes away money from everyone. On the bright side, you can see that consumer surplus (purple), increased, since the price decreased, which is beneficial to consumers. However, producer surplus (orange) decreased, which can disincentivize production and innovation.  Some firms cheat their way around this framework. One way is for producers to set very high MRPs, thus retailers can just choose their prices to be lower depending on the supply and demand in their local environment. That creates a mini perfect competition environment: Sellers that price products above the equilibrium price will have to face new incoming sellers that sell the product for cheaper. This will either drive out or force sellers to sell their product for cheaper, settling at the equilibrium price.  The MRP can give a sense of assurance to citizens and tourists in a country where corruption persists. It provides a reference to avoid paying double the price. However, it distorts the market since it creates shortages or fails to deliver products to regions since transportation costs cannot be accounted for in higher prices. Arguably, you could view this as fair. Maybe the debate on whether to keep MRP boils down to the interventionist versus free market debate. For now the system seems to work, but as the country becomes more digital and less corrupt, the MRP should seriously be reconsidered. 
 This article is the second in a new series by Minerva’s Rethinking Economics Hub. You can read the first article here. India has a history of monetary bans dating back to 1946, when large notes were banned and later brought back in…and taken out again in 1978 in an attempt to stop fraudulent money transactions. This is also the primary reason for prime minister Modi’s 2016 ban of the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes as well as the government’s push for a cashless economy. Black cash is cash obtained illegally, not fake cash. Black money is the use of black cash in economic activities, which is basically taking property without paying. This phenomenon hurts the economy as it creates a monetary deficit for all agents involved, including the government, financial institutions, and individual investors. 
 With these problems in mind, the government of India has decided to take Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes out of the economy. The logic behind this is that with only smaller notes in transaction (Rs 100, Rs 50, Rs 20, Rs 10), the person who commits the fraudulent act will have to store a larger sum of money in order to complete the same transaction as before, and it will discourage them substantially. However, like most stories, there is a twist. The government introduced new Rs 500 notes and injected Rs 2,000 notes into the economy. Further, the ban was extracted from a five point action plan, only one of whose points (money ban) has been implemented. It’s like baking a cake with just one fifth of the ingredients and expecting it to turn out just fine.  The plan also includes steps such as shifting cash based transactions to digital transactions, limiting the amount of cash withdrawal to Rs 2,000 at a time. These actions have to be taken together to ensure the expected results. In addition, the government needs to implement changes in the financial infrastructure in order for the plan to work. There have to be laws and regulations for security and accountability of financial institutions, and the provision of mobile phones, credit/debit cards as the basic materials for people to get involved in the changed ecosystem. Most importantly, India has to have a working telecom network to support its cashless policy and promotion of PayTM, an e-payment and e-commerce company that allows Indians to make banking and monetary transfers through their app. The challenges seem to be much harder to tackle as the majority of India’s rural population does not have access to these things (smartphones, credit/debit cards, local banking offices, etc.) and the ATMs are constantly out of cash or cannot complete the transaction due to failed networks. The ban might have been implemented too soon with too little preparations. The government need to provide more infrastructures such as imposing regulations and producing more phones and credit card for rural areas, or implement the rest of the items on the proposed plan. If not, the Indian economy will suffer even more chaos and have an even bigger supply-demand gap to deal with. Edit made 6 April 2018: A previous version of this article mistakenly defined black money as fake cash, rather than cash obtained illegally.
 As college students, we tend to worry about the future quite a bit—from how we will possibly finish the assignment due tonight at 11pm to our acceptance speech for Best Picture at the 117th Oscars. However, there is one worry that tends to run rampant this time of year which is common to us all: “What am I going to do this summer?”  Minerva’s schedule gives a full four month summer break each year, which presents students with a lot of time to take advantage of. However, if you’re afraid you cannot (or do not want to) land that internship at Google or Apple, here is some inspiration on what to do instead, inspired by our Minerva peers who have already broken away from that imaginary status quo.   Alex Hutu, from the class of 2020, used his first summer to escape from professional development obligations. Instead of chasing that perfect career opportunity, he decided to spend his summer at home, reconnecting with friends and taking a breather from Minerva’s rigorous academics.  To fill the time and make some pocket money, he also decided to take on driving with the Uber app in his city in Romania. His reason to become a driver? Hutu said, “when I was five, my dream was to become a taxi driver, so I made it happen”. While most of us abandon our childhood dreams, taking a summer to pursue the job that sounds silly now could still be fun and rewarding. Now, he is still one of the top rated drivers in the area, with a 4.9 star rating.   Since arts are not explicitly taught in Minerva’s curriculum, student passion in this arena is often pushed aside into extracurriculars or not pursued at all given rough time constraints. For Izzy Rousmaniere, class of 2020, this was a frustrating turn of events that led her to decide to pursue theater, and particularly acting, in her first summer after starting at Minerva. Photo: Buck Lewis She researched programs, and went through demanding application processes in order to land a spot in the Acting Apprenticeship program at Powerhouse, a prestigious program held at Vassar college to train aspiring artists alongside a professional track of working performers which features renowned names in the industry.  Here, she was able to explore her personal passion. “I am so much happier when I am taking care of my whole self,” which, she explained, includes her “creative, intellectual, emotional, [and] physical selves”.  Rousmaniere also had a unique experience, from the perspective of a Minerva student. She was able to experience having a traditional campus at Vassar, which made her appreciate her alternative college experience. “It was deeply uncomfortable, because it was so comfortable” said Rousmaniere about traditional college life. For example, dancing as an extra on a TV show. This is one of the many temporary employment arrangements Sadie Werner, class of 2019, found herself with in the summer after her first year. She also chaperoned younger dancers on sets, and was able to travel to Israel under Jewish Birthright. While, frustratingly, this trip impeded her from taking a last minute job offer, the summer was still fun, and filled with free food.  Zane Sand, class of 2020, was only 18 years old when he became a full time bartender in New York this past summer. His decision to do so was driven mainly by a need to prove wrong those who said he could never do so. Sand was able to hustle his way to a bartending job after first being hired as a barback when he demonstrated his skills and showed extreme dedication to his work. While not typically prestigious, this is an astounding accomplishment, as Sand says, “I was probably the only person 18 and bartending in New York City.”  While this job involved some rough hours, he was also able to get a lot out of his time, saying, “You get to learn about the dark underbelly of humanity”. Through this, he came to understand that, “You cannot tell [people] how to live their life.” It was, on the whole, an enlightening experience. Sand also found confidence in his ability to financially support himself, even in a notoriously overpriced city.  …even if that means taking an unpaid position at a less prestigious organization. In her second summer, Werner (2019) was able to secure a position in her desired field of journalism.  However, this internship, which came jam-packed with valuable experience and skill building, came without any compensation attached, at a small paper in the town where she could live with a parent, to do the work she wanted to without losing money. While this may not be feasible for everyone, looking to smaller, less notorious companies when first starting out may help you be able to take on the type of work you are most interested in, even if it isn’t particularly glamorous.  As a Natural Sciences major, Colette Brown, class of 2019, decided to seek out a position doing research in her second summer, despite the fact that she already believed she did not want to do research at any point in her career. This experience was still valuable and rewarding to her in many ways. She was able to join a team working on atmospheric research in Boulder, Colorado, and work as an independent researcher even under the title of “intern”. Photo: Gabriela Negrete Brown also felt as if she grew personally by removing herself from the intense context of Minerva and academic expectations. She said that when she was praised for her work, she realized that, “Minerva does not do a good job at telling you when you have done a good job.” So, even though she came out of the experience reassured that she would not pursue further research positions, her time in Boulder was still extremely enjoyable both in her personal growth and professional experience of being “treated like a scientist.” Louis Brickman, class of 2019, spent his last summer doing something he never intended to—hanging around without a job in his home of New York City. This was due to an unfortunate series of events which prevented him from getting the security clearance necessary to work at the US State Department, where he had been offered an internship.  However, Brickman was able to take advantage of his time in the city when he began acting upon advice he was given by Jesse Silberberg, a member of Minerva’s Professional Development team. Silberberg, who visited New York in the middle of the summer, suggested that he try to build a network in the city—reaching out to professionals, using his existing contacts, and requesting informational interviews. Brickman, following this advice, was able to connect with multiple professionals in his field of interest—even getting coffee with someone working in New York City’s mayor’s office.  However, he also found that the firsthand experience with the inefficiencies of bureaucracy made him begin to reconsider his career aspirations, saying, “It made me question whether I want to be in government, it turned me a lot more to the private sector”.  While his summer was still professionally fruitful, Brickman advises others to keep applying for internships when your top offer is not confirmed—which may mean it requires security clearance, or even that you are waiting on a visa to work outside your home country.  Another way to spend the summer in New York City is to teach, as Alex Sanchez from the class of 2020 was able to do last summer. Through a program called Breakthrough, which runs summer school programs for underserved students across the country, Sanchez took up teaching literature and dance to a class of 8th graders in the city.  Much to the tune of Brown’s research experience, Sanchez said, “I decided I do not want to teach.” However, his reasoning for this had nothing to do with the kids, who he loved interacting with, but instead his lack of connection to the subject he was teaching: literature. He does, however, feel that teaching is much closer to what he would like his ultimate profession to become than his previous experience in education policy. Each summer, in this way, offers a chance to iterate on your prior conception of a career aspiration.  Before Brown (2019) was an atmospheric scientist for three months, she spent her first summer working as a nanny for a family on a rural farm in Ireland. Part of her reasoning in doing so was the need to do summer academic work to prepare for her second year of Minerva. However, this turned out to be not nearly as demanding as she had presumed, and she realized that although she shared a strong connection with the children she worked with, rural Ireland was not the place she wanted to be. Still, seeing so much of the country her grandparents are from was also valuable. So there you have it, 9 things to do over summer instead of a tech internship. For more, possibly funnier, suggestions, check out Zoey Haar’s piece on The Meekly.
 Summer is just around the corner and what are you going to do? You have no degree, no real skills to speak of, you’ve lost the ability to carry on a normal conversation with a non-Minervan, and your faith in yourself is at an all-time low, with good reason. Your friends are somehow interning at Apple, Google, and Twitter, meanwhile the only tech company you’re affiliated with is Swiggy. Long story short: you’re a loser.  So what is there for you to do over the summer? Here are some real anecdotes we made up to inspire you:   If you’ve ever wanted to just crawl in a hole and forget the summer grind, well now’s your chance. With Brexit still on the table, the polar ice caps melting, and North Korea acting all kinds of two-faced, you’re honestly probably better off below ground. The family-friendly version of dying. Flying a kite is the activity you do with your loved ones when you’ve let your dreams wither and your soul decay. Be sure to get one with a long tail and bright colors for optimal questioning of your life decisions. If you’re feeling up for a challenge, trying to bake a soufflé will immediately cure you of that. Soufflés are notoriously hard to perfect and failing relentlessly will remind you why you don’t challenge yourself more often. Think of the time you’ll save in the future!  As students, we joke a lot about finding sugar daddies or sugar mommas, but have you considered sugar parents? All you have to do is identify a safety, target, and reach celebrity couple and send them a few headshots as well as a one-page description of why you’d be a good adopted semi-adult child. Be sure to include relevant experience! You have all the time in the world, your friend downloaded a cracked version of Photoshop on your computer forever ago, and you’ve always kind of wanted to learn. Why not spend this summer developing a skill? Because you’re a piece of shit, that’s why. You’re not going to do this one and we both know it. You’ve been considering this one for a while now, so why not pursue your dream of dropping out while you have the time? Every time the professor introduces the second breakout activity, you feel yourself become more prepared for the moment when you eventually say, “Enough.” This summer will present endless hours of time to scroll through other undergraduate programs and their applications. Ask yourself if this summer could be right for you. Someone’s gotta do it, and you’ve got the functioning eyeballs for the job! Start by entering a nearby grocery story, locating the produce section, and then just kinda sniffing, squeezing, and  licking all the produce until you can ascertain whether it’s fresh. If it is, hold it above your head and loudly declare: “This one’s good!” so all the customers feel reassured in their purchases from the store. Everyone knows that dogs need to be played with and that the demand for being played with far exceeds the supply. You can meet this market gap by being the player you wish to see in the world. As dogs are neither governments nor organizations, they meet the criteria for being a Non-Government Organization, so you can list this as NGO work on your resume. I’m running out of ideas so this last one is a bit far-fetched: try walking up to someone, anyone– ideally a human person not holding a gun– and starting a conversation. As little as a “hello” or “how are you today?” can spark a conversation or even get you punched, which is what you really want anyway, isn’t it, you piece of shit? So there you have it, 9 (more) things to do over summer instead of a tech internship. For more, possibly better, suggestions, check out Kristin Hudson’s piece on The Minerva Quest.
 So, you want to take care of yourself. How do you actually make that happen?  Based on search results for “self-care in college,” you apparently just need to “get enough sleep,” “drink enough water,” “exercise,” “eat healthy,” “make space for alone time,” “maintain social connections,” “ditch tech for a day,” and my personal favourite, “keep personal hygiene in mind” (but only “in mind”).  Ah, so easy. Simply add all those things to your to-do list, and you are set! Isn’t it wonderful when Google answers all our questions?  Unfortunately, Google has not, thus far, been able to tell us how to prioritize our time and take care of ourselves when there are only 24 hours in a day. We have to figure that out on our own. Something it would seem many Minervans are struggling to do.  This observation is not based on empirical survey data. It is simply based on the frequency with which Minervans change or cancel plans, do not show up to something they commit to, or are unable to commit to anything at all because they are caught up with so many other priorities and commitments.  Opportunities flood our social media, email inboxes, and our senses. How can we choose? Everything is so good; how can we say no to more good in our lives? So we say “yes” to everything, failing to keep commitments to the community and ourselves and hurting both. Meanwhile, self-care is relegated to a corner because no one has shared an RSVP link that the event is a limited-time opportunity. Schedule self-care, prioritize your choices, and practice.  Practice imagining trade-offs whenever you commit to something, practice fighting optimism bias, and practice being honest. If you don’t make time for it, it just won’t happen. It seems as if everyone is doing everything. Seems being the key word. Social media exacerbates this illusion. Crush it. The reality is that the opportunities in a city are essentially infinite. No one can take advantage of them all. Everyone has to make trade-offs. Not defining clear priorities means someone else will set them for you, and their primary agenda probably is not your self-care.  Write out: If I could only do one thing this semester, what would it be? Make that your top priority. Then, if I could only do three things? Five? Don’t let your list get any longer.  Ask yourself: “How am I spending my time right now?”
Then ask yourself, “How do I want to be spending my time right now?”
The negotiable space between those answers is where you have agency to make change. You do not have the power to fit more than 24 hours in a day. Doing one thing means not doing another thing. This is obvious. Yet, time and again, we act like we can spontaneously decide to say “yes” to something, and still somehow do the other things we had in mind as well. Then, when finally we realize we cannot (surprise!), we end up cutting out sleep, skipping exercise, and bailing on plans with others. Everything has an opportunity cost. The next time you say yes to something, try to concretely think, “What will this displace? How will this affect the rest of my week and my self-care?” Optimism has its place. That place is not in your schedule. Has being optimistic that this time you really will fit everything in ever been an effective strategy? No.  This week, note the things that take extra time than planned: waiting for a friend, chatting after a meeting, social media, etc. These “extras” are likely recurring patterns. You need to either start adapting time for them or figure out how to get rid of them, but without acknowledgement, they will keep silently detracting from what you think your plans are, including plans for self-care. In the end, care and commitment to yourself and others hinges on being realistic with both parties. Saying no doesn’t mean being flaky in the middle, it means being realistic from the start. Hopefully it means you can choose to start intentionally making space for at least one aspect of self-care.  What is your yes? How does that define your no? 
 Imagine riding the subway in Korea: grandmothers, couples, business people; the black and grey coats; the perfect appearances and conservative interactions. Now imagine all these people — completely naked. Scrubbing each other’s backs. And chatting amicably.  This phenomenon, far from uncommon, is a Korean cultural institution and if you go it may make the list of your most meaningful and self-reflective cultural experiences to date.  The jimjilbang (literal translation: heating room) is a Korean bathhouse with standing and sitting showers, mineral pools, wet and dry saunas, and additional spa services like body scrubs, massages, and facials.  Jimjilbangs, however, are far more than just baths. They serve as one-stop-shops for relaxation, with spaces to eat, sleep, watch TV, or just chill on your phone or read. People go for alone time, entertainment, socialization, and self-care. With 2,500 in Seoul alone and more in major cities worldwide (including Minerva destinations San Francisco and Berlin), spa-seekers have their pick of locations.  Even for those with previous sauna or spa experience, a jimjilbang will likely prove to be something very different. Most of us might view spas or saunas, and especially nakedness, as a private experience. The jimjilbang is both an individual and community experience.   Walking into the female showers and pools (wet-areas are sex-separated, whereas dry areas are communal), one sees grandmothers relaxing in 40°C pools with their eyes closed, allowing the jets to soothe their tired muscles. Mothers scrub their daughters’ backs, girlfriends chat in pairs, a middle-aged woman enters a sauna and begins a series of yoga exercises. People shower, soak, soothe, steam, scrub, and shave in an endless stream.  It is a 24/7 rotating door of self-care. Everyone is equal. Everyone’s presence is valid. No person’s body is worth more than another’s. There is no “body positivity” because there is no need for it: everyone has a body, and everyone is there to take care of it. That is the end of the story. No comparisons. No positive or negative. Everyone belongs.  There are many things to learn from jimjilbang culture. What if spas were not a place to attain beauty or perfection, but simply a place of care for self?  Not an unjustifiable luxury, but accessible legitimacy? (Jimjilbangs in Korea are only ₩9000, less than $10 USD).  How would we experience the world if we operated from the perspective that our bodies are simply bodies, and we only have to experience them and take care of them, not compare them?  What if we could just lie in a pool and sit with ourselves, not worrying about what we looked like or what anyone else thought?  It is difficult to operate with this perspective in the everyday world, where body and self comparisons abound. Especially in Korean society, harmony, conformity, and capitalism come together to prioritize flawlessness and fitting in above all else.  Yet, step into a jimjilbang and you escape into a space that embodies the opposites of everyday life, at least for a while.  I challenge you to try it, just once.  The experience might feel vulnerable at first, but it may also feel freeing.  So get naked. I dare you.  Usually ₩9000 before 8:00 PM and ₩12,000 after, per 24/hour period. Includes sleeping over. Extra services inside (ex, food, massages) are added to guests’ tabs based on the number on their key-card, and paid upon leaving.  Avoid going in large groups, preferably two or three maximum. Going with friends can ease nerves, but going solo allows you to prioritize your own experience. Talk quietly, remember you are sharing a public space and others are there for relaxation and space.   Arrive, take shoes off, pay and get towels, shorts and shirt, and bracelet with locker key attached.  Go into sex-segregated shower rooms, usually the first or second floor of the jimjilbang. Strip, place all clothes in locker and put key bracelet around ankle.  Enter the “wet area” (pools, saunas, etc) with any personal care items (shampoo, soap, scrubbing cloths, shaving materials, etc) you may want. You can place them in a plastic tub inside the wet area. Many people bring one of the two jimjilbang-provided towels with them here, either to wrap their hair in, or to cover their face in the very hot saunas.  Step one: Shower or rinse in the standing-up shower. Cleanliness is important before entering the public baths. Shaving is not required nor expected.  Step two: Explore the varying temperatures of hot pools and saunas. Make sure to take a cool-down rise or bath once in awhile to regulate body temperature.  Step three: Sit-down-shower and scrub. Here is where Koreans give themselves and each other a serious scrub-down using rough “scrub mitts” to remove all dead skin from their bodies, as well as shave, brush their teeth, and any other form of personal care desired. There are also scrub and massage services inside the wet area, ranging from ₩20,000 for a full-body scrub, ₩45,000 for a 40-minute massage, and additional prices for more advanced massages.  Step four: Exit the shower, dry off, and use the complimentary lotions and personal care items, or your own. Hair dryers are provided, but some jimjilbangs have them and charge by coin-usage, so you may want to bring your own. Return to your locker and put on your jimjilbang shorts and shirt.  Beyond the wet areas, there are also dry-areas which go by many different names including “fomenting rooms,” but involve hot and cold dry-saunas, fitness centers, TV rooms, cinemas, cafeterias, snack bars, and floor space for relaxing where people read, sleep, or hang out together.   Optional dry services: massages, aesthetic services (nails, facials etc), hair services. Although the jimjilbangs operate 24/7, these additional services might shut down by 10 PM.  They may be in the communal or gender-segregated areas.  All jimjilbangs will have sleeping rooms, and sleeping is included in the standard jimjilbang fee. Some jimjilbangs only have rooms where everyone sleeps on a mat on the floor with a blanket, others which have separate bunks. Most will have the option of gender-separated rooms as well as rooms for “snorers.” Koreans seem able to sleep anywhere, perhaps due to a long tradition of sleeping on the floor and a love for the traditional heated floor system (ondol). If you are a more particular sleeper however, bringing your own additional blanket, eye-mask, ear plugs, water, and small pillow. Note that most sleeping areas do not have chargers for electronics, so keep a power port in mind.  Lastly, if you want more detailed information on a specific jimjilbang and its services, many online travel blogs will let you know exactly what to expect.  The Local Option: Gold Spa (Gangnam Station) Just a few blocks from the Minerva residence, Gold offers a local, community jimjilbang experience and a nice selection of pools and saunas. The wet and dry areas is combined, so the entire jimjilbang is gender separated. Non-Korean visitors are not as common here, so staff and locals will likely be curious and friendly. Bonus: has a hanjeungmak, or traditional dome kiln-like sauna, so you can experience transitioning from the hot hanjeungmak to the relaxation room and back.  The International Option: Siloam Sauna (Seoul Station) Rated as one of the top jimjilbangs in Seoul, Siloam is frequented by international visitors, making it a good choice is you are nervous about fitting in. With a wide selection of pools, large amount of shower space, and a bit of additional information provided in English, Siloam should feel quite comfortable. If you transit by subway, mind that Seoul Station and mall are huge and easy to get lost in. Taking Exit 15 will be easiest — it may not be well marked, but follow signs for the airport. Otherwise, the bus may be simplest.  Dragon Hills Spa (Yongsan Station) Designated famous tour site in Seoul, Dragon Hills is quite tourist-friendly and aesthetically polished, but with fewer saunas than Siloam and up-charges for food and other amenities more aggressively. It operates somewhat more on a Western spa model, with different package options.  Riverside Spa Land (Gangbyeon Station) This spa has sparkle, and over 10 “theme rooms.” Maybe not quite as traditional, but quite fun. Also features a comic book room.  Sparex (Dongmyo Station) This spa has quite good TripAdvisor reviews, although Minervans did not find it to be anything special. A little more clinical and distant than warm and spa-like However, it is a solid option if you are in the area. It can be a bit tricky to find, but simply locate Exit 6 of Dongmyo Station and Sparex will be directly thirteen floors up. *** If I’d have to recommend one last place to visit in Seoul, the jimjilbang would most definitely be it. So what are you waiting for? Take a friend, pick an evening, and make some space for exploration and yourself. This is the third piece in Esther Wenger’s monthly series on self-care throughout the academic year. Keep an eye out for her next piece in January.
 Ten hours a day. After a month of data, that is how many hours the Mac application RescueTime told me I was spending on my laptop a day — not counting time spent looking at other people’s computers, or on my phone. And almost every single one of those hours was spent sitting. Ouch. Humans evolved to move, not sit. The fact that most of us now sit for eight to ten hours a day is inevitably problematic. One can question the fundamental digital premise of Minerva or the 21st century, but Minerva’s enrollment stands at 500 students and 70 million personal computers were sold in 2017.  Aside from contemplating a fast exit by moving to the forest, what can we do do stay healthy? My first un-biased suggestion: bookmark this article, and read on.  If you do not have a screen filter on your computer, please stop reading this article and install one right now. Electronic screens give off more blue light than humans have evolved to take in, and this leads to eye strain, increased headaches, and reduces before bedtime melatonin production, which harms sleep. A basic software option is f.lux (for Mac, Windows), which you can set to automatically decrease blue light with sunrise and sundown or better yet, set on manual mode to around 3000K rating. An even better program in my opinion is Iris, which not only reduces blue light but also controls screen brightness and flickering, further reducing eye strain and headaches. The paid version (Iris Mini) costs $5 and allows more extensive reduction and customization of flicker and blue light, which have been lifesavers for me.  It is also worth using a screen filter on your phone that reduces blue light permanently or based on sunrise and sunset, like Twilight for Android, or f.lux for OS. You can also turn your iPhone on Night Mode, similar to f.lux, although that does not allow daytime reduction. If your eyes get dry or you notice you have started to squint, or you feel a pressure behind your eyes, take a break from the screen (No, looking at your phone does not count as a break). Install the Blinkk chrome extension on all your Chrome users. Set it to 10 or 20 minute intervals, with a one-minute duration, and every time a reminder pops up, take a break to get up, stretch, look away from your screen, and drink water (If the reminder annoys you during class, change the reminder interval setting to one hour beforehand – just don’t forget to change it back. Or take this as another reason to *cough* download the ALF app).  When was the last time you got your eyesight checked, either for a basic sight test or an eye health exam? As a college student, your eyes are under a lot of strain and could deteriorate quickly; get your eyes tested annually to see if you need reading or computer glasses. This is key to maintaining back and neck health. If you need to, copy this memo into your notes app.  It may seem rigid, and require a slight workout of the abs to hold this position, but the long-term benefits far outweigh the short-term work.  You should always be looking ahead at eye level, not down. The definition of “laptop” defies this. Tilting your neck down constantly causes muscle strain which triggers pain, spasms, and chronic headaches. To elevate your screen to eye level, get a small, lightweight portable laptop stand for $25 which you can carry to libraries, cafes, and from city to city. From personal research and testing, the Minerva Quest team recommends the Vogek (alternative in India: Techzere or TIZUM). Yes, it adds luggage weight, but it will save your neck and wrists.  Alternatively, use a stack of books, box, or chair.  Ten hours a day on a laptop, five days a week, 15 weeks in a semester equals 750 hours of sitting. Proper sitting posture is good, but standing is much better, and will encourage you to move and walk around more. Again, you can use a chair or box to make a DIY laptop stand. Alternatively, buy a lightweight laptop stand whose height you can adjust to standing level or turn into a raised lapdesk when sitting at table, bed, or couch, raising your laptop to eye level. (Options: USA, India). I personally find it annoying to adjust them all the time, so just keep mine as a standing desk.  Unfortunately, these are not quite as packable in a backpack (hence our earlier recommendation), but a good solution for at home or if you are going straight to a cafe, library, or office. Again, taking one from city to city requires some weight and space sacrifices, but if you divide the extra cost by the number of hours you spend working on your laptop, the the cost becomes more marginal and the utility higher than most other items you will likely pack.   Go for walking meetings. Walk around while on calls. If sitting or standing in place, walk around every twenty minutes and stretch for one minute.   Bookmark links for easy reference.  You have been working for five hours straight but you want to write just one more email. Then you finally look up, and suddenly it is two hours later and you still haven’t eaten lunch or moved from your chair. Bad. Very bad. Food is essential to keep your blood sugar stable and preventing your mood, productivity, and decision-making from crashing.  Tote a water bottle around with you like it is your infant child you cannot leave alone for a second. You will inevitably drink more water this way, especially when you are bored or fidgeting.  In the time not spent on your computer, there are many other healthy things you can do for your body to counteract time spent on it, such as:  If you are being unproductive, staring at your screen for long periods of time, and needing to focus, bookmark these <10 minute mindfulness practices at Stop, Think, and Breathe or download their app, or try guided meditations via Simple Habit or Insight Timer. Some Minervans also like Calm, which has more tailored meditations for a $5 subscription / month.  If you don’t keep moving, you lose mobility. It’s a no brainer. Put exercise in your calendar at the beginning of the week so you have made dedicated space for it. If you can afford it, a fitness band can be very motivating as a tracker and reminder.   Yoga is good for the mind, body, and soul generally, but it is especially good for those who sit in front of a computer screen for hours. The stretches and movements release tensions from areas of the body that are likely to build up stress from extensive screen time. Yoga is not everyone’s thing, but there are many different styles and types to try out in finding which might work for you. Tip: Good San Francisco pay-what-you-can drop-in options are Grace Cathedral (Nob Hill, Tuesday) and Yoga to the People (Mission, Daily).  If I had a penny, or even a rupee, for the number of times I have been told things like “drink water” or “get up and move every twenty minutes,” I would have a fair chunk of money. If I had a penny for the number of times I independently remembered to do them, I would have approximately the college student budget I have now, which is minimal. You will not independently remember to execute all the healthy habits you want to because you are not a superhuman.  Instead, use your technology to tell you to stop using it. Download a timer on your computer (for Mac, I use Allinof), and use the stopwatch and alarm on your phone.  Then:  You don’t have to do everything. Just pick one thing you know you could do this semester and make a plan to do it, even if that simply means a habit of carrying a water bottle with you or stretching in the shower. Self-care isn’t about being perfect, it’s about starting to be conscious about how you can learn more about your body and yourself, and build from there. And hopefully, have a bit of a better experience living life, with or without your laptop.  Many thanks to Fiona Lyer and Gabriella Grahek for their contributions to this article. 
 Sleep. Most of us feel we should probably be getting more of it, getting it more consistently, or catching up on whatever time in the past we have spent staying up far too late trying to get just one last thing done.  As a result, sleep can be a source of guilt that we struggle with, rather than a source of rest that we look forward to. How can you rebuild your relationship with sleep, and improve your “sleep hygiene” habits? First, accept that your body needs sleep, and be grateful that it tells you so.  It is normal to feel tired. In truth, if you are not getting approximately eight hours of sleep every night; you should feel tired: it is your body telling you to take care of yourself. Without these reminders of fatigue, you would burn out. The next time you feel tired, stop, take a breath, and remind yourself why you can be thankful for the feeling, rather than having to fight it.  Second, let go of the concept that people either have good sleep habits or bad sleep habits, and you are probably among the latter. False. If you hold on to binary thinking that you need to have perfect sleep habits in order to start sleeping better, you will never make a change. Instead, reframe working towards better sleep as, “every day I can make some positive sleep choices, and feel just a little bit better the next day.”  As with most things, it is a lot easier to make small steps toward positive sleep habits than to suddenly attain perfection.  Third, reframe your notion of sleep from yet another a burden you have to do, to something you get to do. Fight discounting of sleep by focusing on long-term gains, not your short-term feelings.  Try imagining some of the best sleeps you have ever had, and just how accomplished you felt waking up rested and ready to start your day. Think of how sleeping is going to help you stay healthy. Picture everything you learned during the day consolidating in your memory when you sleep. Focus on whichever positive aspect of sleep motivates you.  Oxford dictionary defines hygiene as, “conditions or practices conducive to maintaining health and preventing disease” — exactly what sleep does. Why, then, do we consider showering, brushing our teeth, or washing our hands essential, but sleep optional? How much sleep we have affects not only our own physical and mental well-being, but how well we can interact and contribute to those around us.  Sleep is a pretty simple concept. It allows your body time to recharge. This results in a stronger immune system, less sickness, reduced chronic pain, fewer injuries, better mood, clearer thinking, and longer memory. These might seem like “bonuses,” but think of how beneficial they would be, and how much time they could save you. There is a big difference between how much sleep you can get by on, and how much lets you perform at a healthy and optimal level.  Most people function at their best with eight and a half hours of sleep. Only 3% of people need less than six hours of sleep. Newsflash: you are probably not the exception. If you already get six or seven hours a night, you might be doing alright, but try committing to just one week sleeping a solid eight hours at the same time every night, and see if you notice a difference in how you feel. Is it actually possible to sleep eight hours a night in college while also maintaining solid grades and working a part-time job? As someone who has done it fairly consistently for the last year, I can say, yes. Alternatively: ignore all these tips — the most important thing is what works for you. Just pick sleep hours you know you can consistently stick to, try adding an hour to your current sleep amount, and build from there.  If you want more science on sleep, try “Why We Sleep” by Matthew Walker, or check out this Goodreads list. 
 Esther Wenger will be writing a monthly series on self-care throughout the academic year. SEOUL – I have two simple questions for you: “Are you OK?” and “Is this how you want to live the rest of your life?” Coming back to Minerva after a leave of absence, many people have asked me why I took a year off. I have given a myriad of different answers. Rarely have I answered with the vulnerable, honest reason: “I had almost stopped eating, and I did not know if I wanted to live anymore.” Not exactly small talk. Why did I feel this way? I was not exactly suicidal. I was not necessarily depressed, either. Rather, I was weary. Bone-crushingly weary. This never seemed a legitimate enough reason to give fellow students or the Academic Standards Committee for leaving though. Instead, I cited different versions of the truth to whomever asked. The full truth was that I was so focused on performing to everyone else’s expectations, that I prioritized everything except myself. I performed perfectly in academics, internship work, community events, and everything else I was supposedly required to do to be extraordinary. I had family and personal issues to deal with, but no time to properly process them. I woke up in the morning exhausted and terrified about the prospect of performing yet another day. Yet,  perform I did. Everyone thought I was fine. Everyone except me. So, I left. My only goal was to be completely un-extraordinary, and to take care of myself. And you know what? It was so good.  My year away has forever shifted my perspective on whether taking care of myself is a “legitimate” priority. It took a long time to be OK again. I have been on both ends of a dark tunnel, and I never, ever want to go back to where I was before. Coming back to Minerva has been hard. Not because of my own challenges, but because I cannot count the number of times I have heard students describe struggling, breaking down, and forging on through exhaustion. So many expectations to meet; so little time. Sacrifices must be made. That sacrifice seems to include ourselves. Why? “This is college,” some might say, “This is what the real world is like. Get used to it.” Is it? Is this how we want to live for the rest of our lives? Is this how we think other people should live as well? Exhaustion and stress are not unavoidable realities. We live this way because we choose to live this way. We live this way because we have accepted that every other priority is more important than ourselves and our happiness. Over the next year, I will be writing a series of articles on self-care. However, I do not intend to add yet another article to the digital mountain on why and how you should be eating, sleeping, exercising, or taking bubble baths. We are always talking about what we should be doing. We are not talking about what is getting in the way of it: caring about everything and everyone’s expectations except our own. It is not that we do not know how to be or do not want to be rested, happy, non-exhausted individuals. It is that we are choosing other things over that result again, and again, and again. Why? Self-care is often promoted as a means to an end. However, what if self-care were the end? What if your happiness and well being… actually mattered? Self-care does not matter because Forbes says it “matters to your mission.” Self-care does not matter because Minerva says so. Self-care does not matter because I say so. Self-care matters because youmatter. You are the one experiencing your life. Is this how you want to live it?
 End of semester. Perhaps you’re excited to finish some meaningful projects. Perhaps you are anxious or overwhelmed, or starting to be. Perhaps you just want everything to be over. Wherever you are at, there are some basic things you can do to take care of yourself during the last few weeks of classes and assignments. Hint: no bubble baths involved–just a few ways to set yourself up for success, so the supports are there when you need them most.  It is ironic that I write this article after a weekend of my worst self-care of the semester; for some reason, I thought a reasonable solution to my overloaded schedule was simply to stop thinking about sleeping and eating. Bad idea. It took only a few days of far-too-short nights for my body to completely crash, and I had to “cut my losses” and do some extreme napping and self-care to reset myself. Overall, I likely lost more productivity than I gained, and I made myself feel unhappy and exhausted in the process.  Pushing your body to its limits, without giving it any care or maintenance, is not effective or worth it. We should know better, yet we all have a bias to thinking we can fit in more or push ourselves harder than we realistically can–especially when we feel pressure to “get it all done.” It is hard to be stay on top of being healthy when one is trying to simultaneously stay on top of everything else during crunch time. However, you can implement a few basic practices ahead of time which will help to be taking care of yourself automatically, without a huge amount of extra conscious effort.  Make a Plan. Design a plan to sleep, exercise, and eat normally. This will help you work and socialize normally as well. Set multiple milestones for each day, which work with your plan, so you can stay on track and feel accomplished by your progress.  Interleave Work. Plan to work in chunks (ex., one or two hours) and schedule those chunks so that you are working on different things throughout the day, rather than concentrating   on one assignment for the entire day. You will be more focused and effective, and will have new insights when returning to assignments.  Don’t Change Your Sleep Schedule. You don’t need to suddenly aspire to perfect sleep habits during finals (although if you want to, here is some advice). Just avoid reducing the time or amount you sleep. The last thing your body needs when it is trying to perform, is you to throw it off by having to adjust to new sleep schedules. If you go to bed at midnight every day, do not suddenly stay up until 2 AM every night.  No All Nighters. This should be obvious from above, but I will say it again. Actually go to bed. Often staying up to work late is not efficient, even if you really want to finish everything. You will be better rested in the morning. Your two hours spent staring at the screen trying to finish a paper at 1 AM could be completed in one hour the next day, and with better quality. Staying up late does not give you more time, it simply reduces the amount of better rested time you could spend being more effective the next day.  Stockpile Healthy Food. Are you the type to stop eating when you get busy? Plan a trip to the grocery store in your schedule, and stockpile fruits, veggies, nuts, and quick foods you can munch on for the next two weeks. Schedule in calendar reminders to eat, if needed. Make a pact with a friend to text each other three times a day to check if they have eaten.   Take Eye Breaks. We all know the feeling of staring at an assignment for several hours, only to finally realize our eyes feel shot. Install the Blinkk Chrome extension, and set screen-break reminders at twenty-minute intervals. If you are working in a different program or window, run a timer app in the background.  Nap, Strategically. Rather than trying to push through work ineffectively, cut your losses and sleep for twenty minutes. Studies show it is more effective than caffeine.  Shower. It will help you feel refreshed and awake!  Cuddle. This is seriously underrated. Oxytocin? Yes, please. Cuddling makes you feel safe, connected, and will remind you that everything is going to be OK. Say No. I’ve written about this before, here and here. You matter. Prioritizing your own needs is valid, even when it seems the outside world is constantly demanding our time and attention.   Plan Out Procrastination. Most of us procrastinate because we are either a) anxious about the task, and thus avoiding it, or b) we have been trying to force concentration for too long and won’t let ourselves take a real break. Plan how you will address procrastination. When you are realize you are procrastinating, ask yourself: “why?”  If the answer  is because of stress or anxiety, address the stress. Try writing out the causal path that got you to procrastinate, for example: “I was working on my coding assignment. I started feeling inadequate about my coding and catastrophizing that my project would be a disaster and get a terrible grade. I started avoiding my work by reading completely unrelated web pages.”  Pick one or two action points you can do both right now and the next time you feel this way, for example: “When I start to feel inadequate, I will text my friend who has been in class all semester with me right away, and ask them to remind me all the reasons I have the ability to do this.” If procrastination is from needing a break but not taking it, remember, you can’t be working or productive 100% of the time. Instead of taking ineffective breaks (such as opening Facebook for the fifteenth time), close your laptop, and do something that addresses why you needed a break in the first place. A short meditation for focus, a timed walk with headphones for a change of scenery and an activity, or a physical task like drawing, or chopping up veggies to munch on while you work. Make a Conscious Decision to Separate Work and Relaxation. You don’t need to be working or thinking about school all the time. When you are doing work, do work. Otherwise, find tools to focus on something else (music, an audiobook, a guided sleep meditation, exercise, hanging with friends). It might be useful to decide that when you are relaxing or socializing, you will not talk about school. Find a Finals Buddy. It is helpful to find someone to check in with frequently who is aware of your wellbeing, and better yet, someone with whom you can set similar health goals. Often, we do not take our own advice, but we can follow it from friends. A friend can also catch you when you are falling into finals disrepair, and push you to get back on track through self-care and organization.  Take a Shower. This deserves to be mentioned twice! It will make you feel better physically, and reset your mental space.  Remember that even if you struggle, whatever you are feeling during finals is not permanent, and change is coming. As a reminder, it might help to make a folder of pictures of your family, set your next destination as your desktop background, or schedule a fifteen minute phone call with a supportive friend every morning. You absolutely can do this. Just make space to eat, sleep, and take a few deep breaths.  Thank you to the Minerva students who contributed their insights on their own finals and self-care experiences and advice. You are appreciated! This has been the final article in Esther’s self-care series. See past articles here. 
 This is a letter-to-the-editor in response to this recent article on the Quest. In a recent article, Anna Pauxberger argued that India’s maximum retail price (MRP) may be beneficial in the short term to avoid corruption but that it it hinders the free market and should be retired in the long term. Although I agree that MRP limits the potential of economic growth and achieving optimal price, I disagree that it should be ended soon, given the complex realities of Indian society. However flawed it may be, the MRP prevents harmful market forces that would only end up hurting India’s large poverty-stricken population. The government crafts many of its economic policies based on the realities of its resources and the country’s vast population, particularly the worst off. Unfortunately, Western economic analysis does not sufficiently take these factors into account in its pursuit of free market ideals. The average per capita income in India is approximately $140/month. But this is the mean of the population. The top 10% hold 80% of the GDP while the middle class owns approximately 19%.  The lower class holds less than 1% of India’s GDP BUT they account for more than 60% of the total population.  There is a huge disparity that is hidden in the averages. Unfortunately, most traditional economic theories from the West focus on needs of a normally distributed population. In India, this is not the case. The policies of a free market with no price ceilings would make it impossible for the lower class to actually afford even one meal a day. India cannot afford to let that happen.  One might argue that a business would not survive if its products are too expensive, and that businesses would naturally optimize their prices based on need and affordability, even without regulations. I would agree, but the scale of the Indian population changes these considerations. The middle class in India – 267 million people – is large enough to sustain a business that sells milk at 50 rupees ($0.77) a litre. Most businesses, under free economic policies, would target the middle class because this customer base is easy to serve and they can pay higher prices. But nobody would think about the poor. Except for NGOs and social workers, no business would target the bottom of the pyramid because they will not see profits there. The government of India cannot afford to let the market concentrate on the needs of 20-25% of the population and not focus on the larger, poverty-stricken population who cannot afford more than 10 ($0.15) rupees a litre for milk.  This is an internal complexity within India, to which 250 years of colonialism and internal conflict have strongly contributed. In the 21st century, we cannot afford to build a traditionally capitalist structure because the financial and social diversity of this country cannot sustain traditional economic policies and capitalist frameworks of marketing.  Some may argue that this poverty will naturally disappear with time. However, poverty in India requires action now. With few resources and a large population, the government needs to stimulate the private sector to uplift the country. Yes, India needs to build a more open and attractive economy, but first it must uplift a majority of its people above the poverty line before they can start thinking about growth and profits. 
 The physical distance between Minerva’s cities — San Francisco and Seoul in the fall and San Francisco and Hyderabad in the spring —  has proven itself to be a formidable barrier to establishing connections across Minerva’s three classes. In an informal survey of 2021 students conducted late October, almost all said they do not think communication between classes has been effective. While sentiments have slightly improved since then, as the three classes have gotten to know each other somewhat better, the overall lack of communication and knowledge transfer has not changed significantly. This challenge will likely echo across classes unless new student and/or staff-driven changes are made. Minerva City Experience Manager Capri LaRocca, part of the Student Experience Team that would theoretically oversee such a change, believes that inter-class communication has been steadily improving but can still be better.  “We’re still super new and we’re still getting off the ground,” LaRocca said, “so I think that there’s more basic, broad things that we’ve been focusing on. But we do want to foster more connection across classes.” Minerva does have some programs explicitly designed to connect classes. For example, Basecamp sessions, designed to facilitate the transfer of MiCos (Minerva Communities, or university clubs) to incoming students, are held via video call over the summer,  and legacy groups consist of, and nominally connect, students and staff across the university. The only official opportunity for different years to interact in person is when admitted students come to San Francisco for Ascent preview weekends.  During the 2017/2018 academic year, the classes of 2019 and 2020 have had a unique opportunity to live together, bringing the two classes much closer together. Class of 2019 student Skye Hersh and class of 2020 student Stella Serger both said that their cohorts started getting to know each other over the course of the 2016/2017 year because they knew they would be together for the following two semesters. A few students from the classes of 2019 and 2020 have also independently moved into the San Francisco residence halls, allowing for some cross-class connection with the class of 2021. It remains to be seen whether these informal overlaps will become a regular part of Minerva. If so, older students who return to San Francisco could become a consistent source of information about future cities and courses, as well as providing support in dealing with the chaos and stress of the first year at college. Presently, however, different classes primarily communicate with each other via shared Facebook groups, where posts range from memes to serious discussions on school policies. While it can be a valuable platform, Facebook posts rarely provide a complete reflection of life in their cohort, making it difficult to build relationships, let alone replicate in-person contact. Limited interaction between years can be beneficial in some ways.  It allows new classes to develop their own solutions to other problems inherent to Minerva, preventing the perseverance of flawed practices through institutional inertia alone.  This could be especially valuable for a school as young as Minerva, where constantly trying new ideas helps accelerate growth. Ideally, new classes will inherit the best of what their seniors learned, allowing them to make what class of 2019 student Devora Klionsky calls, “a higher level of mistakes.”  This is partially why she decided to create Spoke, a digital repository where Minervans can share memories and advice.  “With the exception of my class [2019] and 2020 right now, there’s just no overlap [between classes],” Klionsky said, “so the idea was to build something that would facilitate not even cross-class interaction but cross-class sharing of knowledge.” After Klionsky created Spoke while interning with Minerva in 2016, she hoped that other students would add posts and draw inspiration from it organically, or perhaps with prompting from a Student Experience work-study member.   While new posts were added in 2017, Klionsky doesn’t believe that students are actively taking advantage of the platform. This seems to be especially true for the class of 2021, who do not appear to have contributed any posts and are mostly unaware of its existence.   “We are still trying to figure out the best way to utilize Spoke as a resource,” LaRocca said. “We chase people down to add stories to it. We want it to be something that people are excited to contribute to, but that requires resources that I think we haven’t fully had yet.” Spoke exemplifies another problem with limited cross-class communication: student initiatives and MiCos are unable to gain the necessary momentum to establish themselves across years and develop into full-fledged organizations.   “Ideally,” LaRocca said, “the vision for micos is ultimately to be something that can connect classes.” Minerva’s Basecamps are designed to facilitate the transfer of such groups. The student experience team “thinks a lot about Basecamp,” according to LaRocca, and how they can best support MiCos.  They’ve deliberated over how to time Basecamp so students aren’t too overwhelmed by commitments, but are still familiar enough with Minerva to know what they’ll want to create. And they created Launch Day, a formal way of kicking off MiCos at the end of September, after they realized that leaders “need a little more time to build up an initiative.” The stress of academics often makes dedicating time to organizing or even participating in extracurriculars difficult for first-year students, impacting the possibility for initiatives to continue without consistent guidance from upperclassmen.  Though these problems affect all student initiatives, they are most relevant to the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) and the Minerva Quest. At their best, both are vital to protecting the community’s interests: ASM represents students to the administration, and the Quest informs them about school news and provides a platform for student voice. Success for these student organizations  requires that they collaborate across classes early and often. The ASM has been sending biweekly emails to all Minerva students and is discussed on shared Facebook groups and in the Quest, but it can be hard to gauge these posts’ reach.  An ASM representative tried to join the Minerva Class of 2021 Facebook group, but was initially denied by the moderator, preventing them from introducing the class of 2021 to the ASM until November. At the information sessions they hosted later that month, former class of 2019 representative Skye Hersh recalled that few students showed up and the discussion centered on a mice problem in one of the residence halls. “You’re first year students, you’re dealing with enough of your own crap,” Hersh said, addressing the class of 2021. “[Class of 2019 and 2020 ASM representatives] get voted in and we’re really committed to bettering communication just with our own cohorts, let alone with you guys. So we include you in our email lists now, but I have no idea how people feel.” In the second semester, the ASM is starting to establish itself in the class of 2021. Eight students ran to become representatives and three were elected. The election process was successful though disorganized (it was not revealed, for example, that the class would elect three total representatives, as opposed to three per residence hall, until the ballot was released).   Hersh thinks that, as Minerva grows, the ASM and other organizations will accumulate more inertia and become established in the university. “We are really hoping that ASM gets carried down,” she said. “That seems like it’s of ethical importance, because the ASM is a student advocacy group. Hopefully, as long as students need it, it will work.” Class of 2020 student Stella Serger realized the personal and social significance of the disconnect between classes when she spoke with class of 2021 student Margarita Levitova for her work-study, saying that “it turned out to be kind of like a mentoring session.” “I found out that so many of the things she was struggling with, I struggled with last year,” Serger said. “I couldn’t offer her one perfect solution but give her hope, that we all went through this and we did get through it, and also just some practical advice.” Levitova, for her part, said that talking to Serger “was another means of support; it wasn’t the turning factor of why I started feeling better [about Minerva], but it was definitely very helpful to feel better about myself.” Their conversation inspired Serger, along with class of 2019 student Alberto Martinez de Arenaza, to create MiMentor, a group that pairs students across classes for monthly meetings. A total of about 140 students signed up, according to Serger, and mentors and mentees are matched based on what factors they deem most important, such as coming from the same country or having similar professional goals.   Serger hopes that the program will “generally build bridges between the two [locations],” so that even if a mentor can’t directly help their mentee they can connect them to someone who can.   Initiatives like Serger’s may one day serve as vital links between all Minerva classes. Creating such connections will facilitate the transfer of everything from treasured inside jokes to successful MiCos and also ensure that Minerva’s broader vision for students is realized. After all, as LaRocca observed, “we say global citizens, and part of that requires a global community. That’s more than just where people are from but also where people are.” “I invite students who are really passionate about this to help us create those connections,” LaRocca said. “You are the ones who are most informed on how to create those authentic connections, not ones that are forced or somehow a burden or complicated, but a genuine, exciting, useful, valuable connection across classes.”
 Progress in India is of an arbitrary nature. The beholder’s perspective outweighs any conveyed assertions of rationality for most accounts you hear. It is thus not without cynicism that famous writer Arundhati Roy opens her 2009 essay collection, ‘Field Notes on Democracy’ with the words, “to those who have learned to divorce hope from reason.”  Hope for India is often based on the empirically obtained portrayal of one of the fastest growing economies in the world and the number of tech hubs emerging from the stranglehold of century-long imperialist- and caste-imposed poverty.  Such empiricism must simultaneously include an investigation into the faults of the nation’s institutions that have long been present and seem to be dangerously compounding recently.  I do not mean the corruption, nor the bureaucracy, and red tape that businesspeople may complain about. What sweeps hope from the horizon is the authoritarian military that periodically abuses the people of Kashmir and poor rural areas of the country. It is the rise of Hindutva – religious Hindu nationalism – to unprecedented power. Finally, it is the crackdown on social liberties and civil society echoed by activists around the country.  I cannot say whether there exists a fair view of the nation balancing those observations. I can never claim to be capable of revealing it. Nevertheless, seeing India as it is today, we must recognize the two sides of modernity: one hopeful, one bleak; one more economic, the other shamefully political.  It comes without question that declaring apocalypse when millions of Indians have risen to relative wealth and prosperity is head-in-the-sand pessimism. At the same time, blinding oneself in flowery images of blissful advancement yields ignorance of potential signs of the demise of the foundations of the progress so hailed in the penthouse suites of economic power.  My suggestion therefore, is to stay critical of elated hopes based on reason. For reason must tell us that there is no one view of India, that reality is muddled, and that with every step forward, new forces of doom may emerge.
 In just a few months Minerva’s class of 2020 will reach the fourth city in their global rotation: Berlin. The pre-departure orientation session was entertaining and informative, despite the controversial rendition of a cherished “Cabaret” number by a pair of 2019 theater nerds. In the spirit of preparedness, here are some of the most useful expressions that real Germans actually use all the time. Enjoy! Papiere! Translation: Papers! The most common casual greeting in Germany. Be sure to carry all your important identification documents to avoid an awkward situation!   Shhhh! Die Wände haben Ohren… Translation: Shhhh! The walls have ears… Cultural differences lead to all kinds of surprising and amusing misunderstandings. Just like jaywalking or getting away with a noticeable fart, secretly scheming against the authorities is a bit more difficult in Germany. Be sure to communicate using inconspicuous language or cryptic passwords when possible. Remember! The most common placement of a government bug is inside the lampshade!   Sieh an, sieh an! Was haben wir denn hier? Translation: Well, well, well! What have we got here? The ultimate conversation starter. Works great for strangers who happen to be terrified by your mere presence. Best used when taking off gloves extremely slowly and pacing in a circle. If you happen to be barging into a house, make sure your hot beverage preference is as unconventional and as specific as possible to let everyone know how special a character you really are.   Sie sagten, ich sei verrückt, aber wer ist jetzt verrückt? Translation: They said I was crazy, but who’s crazy now? Haven’t we all been doubted by our peers, and yet inspired to see our passion projects through? Whether it’s a weight loss program, a startup idea, or an inhumane experimental medical procedure that defiles the purity of life and challenges the divine supremacy of God himself, German has a phrase for that!   Bitte Louis, nicht wieder “Willkommen”. Translation: Please, Louis, not “Willkommen” again. We get it, in another life you could’ve been the next Alan Cumming. Please put your shirt back on.   Wir stellen die Fragen! Translation: We ask the questions! A good student strives to extract knowledge from any situation, from classes to civic projects, research internships, and violent interrogation sessions. Always stay on top of the situation by reminding your colleagues and victims who’s in charge!   Wo verstecken sie sich? Translation: Where are they hiding? Hide and seek is a popular tradition in Germany, where historically games have been played on an international scale with participants of all ages! Good hiding places include Döner food trucks, mimicking statues in public gardens and dark attics, and under the seats of communal toilets.   Dummkopf! Du führst uns direkt zum Schatz! Translation: Fool! You lead us straight to the treasure! Life hack! Even in Germany, the birthplace of Albert Einstein, some fools lead you straight to the treasure. Want the treasure? Let the American with the explorer hat do all the hard work, and simply follow them to the hidden ancient vault with your assault team.   Niemand kommt, um dich zu retten. Translation: No one is coming to rescue you. Fun Grammar Fact! German speakers make sure to separate their main and subordinate clauses with commas. Be creative! Use the pause for comedic effect or to instill dread in the minds of your enemies! That’s it! Know any other useful phrases to add to our list? Want safe passage to the West? Contact us! If we don’t respond within 2 business days, remember to grab the kids and escape your home, packing only one pair of shoes and a family heirloom. 
 In January 2018, Class of 2019 student Mai Amit started a Minerva chapter for the international student network Rethinking Economics.  Rethinking Economics (RE) is a student network which started in the UK in 2013, and seeks to change the way that economics is taught in schools. RE claims that economic education is, “too male, too white, too old.” The concept behind RE is that students today will be the leaders of tomorrow and therefore they should be exposed to a less uniform education, and one that allows for different perspectives that will shape the way they think in light of today’s highly interconnected world.  Amit says the aims of RE aligned with things she had begun thinking about. She got in touch with them in November 2017 to talk about RE in the Minerva context.  “We tried to think how to integrate it with the Minerva model which is not a campus based model,” Amit says, “they were really helpful with setting up the foundations of this.” “Now we have really formed this group of people that are dedicated, and inspiring, and wonderful, and love to do these things, and I think the things we’ve been able to do in one semester–or less than one semester–are really incredible and most of all one of our biggest achievements is that now I’m quite confident […] in the ability that we have to continue the activity now that we’ll be spread out completely,” says Amit of the experience. This semester, members of the Rethinking Economics Hub have had meetings and started a newsletter, as well as more casual get-togethers to watch and discuss speeches by economists and policymakers on Youtube.  “We are invited to participate in the Skype calls that happen every few weeks with everyone from all over the world, that’s not that new from a Minerva perspective, but it’s really, really , really special to hear the Rethinking group[s] […] from all over the world […] say what they are doing and ask for the support, and for me it’s the first time to participate in something that has the nature of a network…it’s really a lot of well meaning people that have a shared mission,” says Amit of the highlights of being part of the global network of RE. “I wish for this to operate on the global scale that we are. So this network feeling that I’m talking about amongst the global Rethinking movement, I wish for that to happen on the Minerva scale.”  “I hope that students in the classes below us will have the privilege of joining something that’s established rather than establishing something […] I think that would really lower the burden of entry, and I think that’s something we’re setting as a milestone,” says Amit of her hopes for how RE will be received by future Minerva students.  “I wish for people to feel that this can offer them an academic setting for discussion that they would otherwise not be able to get at Minerva,” says Amit, “I hope that it would give some credence to Minerva students’ academic or intellectual interest economically.”  RE operates in the form of initiatives, and has multiple levels of commitment that can pair well with the amount of time students are able to dedicate. Participation ranges from simply attending events and benefitting from resources shared in groups, to leading projects, coordinating with the wider RE network, or getting involved in their campaigns.  Students from the Minerva chapter have been invited to take part in fully-funded conference in Paris this August.  The Rethinking Economics Minerva Hub will continue to operate through the summer and is planning to host a conference in London during the fall semester that will be open to the public with academic speakers. There will also be the opportunity to work with other Rethinking chapters in London and the greater UK area. 
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Arts and Social Change course by Chris Hagan, Minerva Class of 2020. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  In a society where the average US consumer spends five hours a day staring at the screen of their smartphone (Perez, 2017), the most important artistic influence on social behaviour is UI and UX design. UI/UX designers create the “interfaces” and “experiences” that mediate our relationship with our devices, responsible for everything from in-app functionality, to visual screen layout, all the way down to individual pixel placement. In this paper, I will argue that UI/UX design is applied art for social change. The UI/UX designers of today are artists who use their abilities to prescribe individual and societal behavioural responses, generating large-scale social change through small-scale design choices. To begin, it is important to define the distinction between “design” and “art”. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, art is “​the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination​” (‘Art’, 2018) while design is defined as “​the art or process of deciding how something will look, work, etc” (‘Design’, 2018)​. Importantly, “design” stems from the Latin word “signum”, which meant “to sign, prompt, or signal” (‘Design’, 2018). This etymological root hints at the distinction. Design is made to signal a certain desired response, or to prompt a specific behaviour. It takes the ability component of “art”, the visual composition of shapes, lines, and colours, and applies it for a distinctly different purpose. In other words, design is art with prescriptive intention. ‘Good art’ leaves room for interpretation, and creates a wide variety of responses, whereas ‘good design’ (ideally) creates the same response in everyone that interacts with it, leaving no room for interpretation. Through this lens of intentionality, design is the ultimate manifestation of art for social change. For the purpose of this essay, I will define use the Britannica definition of ‘social change’ as “​the alteration of mechanisms within the social structure, characterized by changes in cultural symbols, rules of behaviour, social organizations, or value systems” (‘Social Change’, 2018). ​This includes social change instigated by the run-on effects of individual behavioural change, a notion that will become increasingly important as this paper progresses. To demonstrate the impact of design as a form of social change, I will focus on a piece of UI/UX design that 1.15 billion people in the world use on a daily basis: the Facebook mobile app (Noyes, 2018). Facebook designers are some of the best in the world at generating specific behavioural responses through intentional design choices. Whether through scrolling functionality that borrows psychological design principles from slot machines, or notification colour choices that prompt a specific neurological response, Facebook designers build invisible features into their app that have enormous individual and societal repercussions. Before examining two specific examples of how Facebook designers do this, I want to first consider what Facebook designers are seeking to achieve. While “both design and art are forms of communication” (Vladimir, 2017)​, ​ they differ in their intentionality, as mentioned in the introduction. Bruno Latour’s influential 1988 paper ‘Mixing Humans with Non-Humans: Sociology of a Door-Closer’, written under the pseudonym Jim Johnson, refers to designs as “prescriptions” (Latour, 1988). Essentially, designers build behavioural prescriptions into the products they create, crafted to catalyse a highly specific response, or as Latour puts it, input behaviour into a machine so that “the behaviour [is] imposed back onto the human by nonhuman delegates” (Latour, 1988). To further articulate why this represents a different intention to ‘art’, consider this example. If you type into Google “what does the mona lisa mean”, you’ll get 505,000 results. Do the same thing with Van Gogh’s ‘The Starry Night’ and that number will jump to 1,860,000. As you can see, some of the most famous artworks in the world are also some of the most interpretable, undefined artefacts in our collective cultural consciousness. Let’s contrast this with design. In his 1988 book ‘The Design of Everyday Things’, Don Norman discusses the door. A piece of design that you use every single day, without giving it a second thought, until you have the embarrassing experience of pushing a pull door. You only notice a door when it fails to do its job: letting you through without you having to expend any mental energy in using it. A door that fails to do this, now commonly known as a ‘Norman Door’, is noticeable because it doesn’t prompt the correct – or intentional – response. Norman notes in his book that “​good designs fit our needs so well that the design is invisible” (Norman, 1988). The ideal piece of design leads to a predictable behavioural response, in which the interpretation is the same for everyone. The ideal piece of art, (if one can be said to exist), creates different interpretations for each person who observes it. This is where the key distinction between art and design lies, and is also the space in which the designers at Facebook do their work. The first Facebook UI/UX design choice that I will analyse is the infinite scroll. Designer Christian Leeds defines the infinite scroll as “​a design pattern where content is fetched asynchronously from a database or master file and inserted into the user’s page as they consume the information”​ ​ (Leeds, 2014). ​ Or, simply, an endless page that constantly loads new content as you reach the bottom of the interface, or at the top of the interface, when you pull down. It’s a common design choice in the world of mobile apps, particularly for social media. Figure 1.​ ​In this screenshot, you can see the infinite scroll at play in the grey box at the bottom of the screen. The buffering circle in the middle indicates that the page is reloading more content so that the scroll can continue indefinitely. As with the majority of design matters, it is not a frivolous choice. In fact, the infinite scroll employs a number of design techniques borrowed from the design of gambling slot machines. Using our finger to pull down on the screen, and trigger the infinite scroll to create more content, mirrors the action of pulling the lever on a slot machine in order to begin a new turn. Madrigal writes “what Facebook and slot machines share is the ability to provide fast feedback to simple actions; they deliver tiny rewards on an imperfectly predictable “payout” schedule” (Madrigal, 2013). The Facebook newsfeed delivers an infinite stream of micro-rewards and micro-dissatisfactions, and the only way to see which you get is to keep scrolling. A recent Vox Media video, titled ‘It’s not you. Phones are designed to be addicting’, examined this from another perspective, arguing that the act of “pulling down to refresh” gives the user the feeling of control, making them feel like the masters of their own experience, as they are the ones instigating the action (Vox, 2018). This feeling of control is an illusion, however. The Facebook designers could have the newsfeed auto-refresh – existing technology certainly allows them to do this. But by offering you a sense of control, they are able to keep you scrolling for longer, as you hold the false sense that because you are the active party, you could actively stop at any time. This breeds a culture of passive consumption and addictive behaviour, rooted in a simple scrolling mechanism. Slot machines are the most profitable part of any casino, often accounting for 70 to 80% of total revenue (Thompson, 2015)​. ​ They are so profitable because they are so hard to stop playing. Facebook UX designers (and a large number of major social network product designers) have seen this, and built the principles that cause this addictive behaviour into the apps that we use on a daily basis. The relationship between design choice and prescriptive behaviour is clear: an infinite scroll leads the user to spend more time on the app. More time on the app, equates to more advertising revenue for Facebook. Individual behaviour is modified as the result of a seemingly innocuous design choice, and where individual behaviour is altered there is the potential for run-on societal change, a notion which will be discussed in more detail further in this paper.
The second design choice I want to address is the use of the colour red for notification alerts. If you own an iPhone, you will notice that all of the small bubbles that hover over apps to indicate that you have a new notification are red. Figure 2. ​ This screenshot shows how all of the iPhone notification bubbles are a bold shade of red. This is a stylistic choice for psychological, rather than aesthetic impact. In the ‘Handbook of Human-Computer Interaction’ published in 1988, researchers found that red contained certain important properties in a visual interface. They report “if the colours are balanced, then red seems to come forward”, and “high chroma red alerts seem to aid faster response than yellow or yellow-orange” (Helander, 1988). If you place the colour red in historical context, this design choice makes a lot of sense. For decades, the phrase “red alert” has prompted immediate attention, ‘BREAKING NEWS’ has been fed to us in red typeface, and the stop signs that monitor our driving are all a vivid shade of red. These are only a few of the many examples of red being associated with danger and immediate response. When a new notification pops up on your phone, your brain releases a similar set of neurotransmitters (particularly cortisol and dopamine) that would be released during a moment of alarm or immediate danger, drawing our attention away from the task at hand towards our phones (Hosie, 2017). Here, the design choice (making notifications red) prompts a shift of our attention from our current stimulus to our phone interface. Colour is serving a functional rather than artistic purpose, though this purpose is all but invisible to the user. So what does this actually mean for individual and societal behaviour? In 2018, more than ever before, our interaction with the physical world is mediated by technology. A significant portion of our daily activities are technology-aided or technology-led, from exercising with a FitBit, to documenting our meals in an Instagram story, all the way to maintaining contact with our loved ones through FaceTime. This mediation process is concentrated in the smartphone, in large part due to the mass of high-quality content produced as a result of the democratisation of mobile app development (Blacharski, 2016). Today, 66.5% of the global population owns a smartphone, and projections for the next five years expect at least 7% annual growth in this figure (Molla, 2017). Our smartphone dependence is shifting the ways in which we interact with the world and with each other on a mass scale, requiring a paradigm shift in the way that we contemplate human social behaviours. An increasingly researched area is the role of phone addiction on mental health. Addiction is defined by Oxford English Dictionary as being “​physically and mentally dependent on a particular substance” (‘Addiction’, 2018),​ ​ and historically has been associated with objectively detrimental behaviours, like gambling or drug use. Today, behavioural shifts indicate that the word should be attached to a new field: smartphones. A 2016 study carried out by Common Sense Media found that 50% of teenagers felt “addicted” to their devices and 78% checked their smartphones at least every hour (Common Sense Media, 2016). Two professors at the MIT Sloan School of Management decided to conduct their own investigation into smartphone addiction, in which they had graduate students participate in a one-day long “unplugged experience”, where they were without their phones and any other form of technology for a 24 hour period. They repeated this experiment multiple times between 2015 and 2017 and found that the most common responses were “anxiety”, “guilt”, and “a loss of sense of safety” (Russo et al., 2017),​ ​ all words which would not be out of place in an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. In today’s highly-addictive, notification-driven culture, the detrimental effects on mental health and wellbeing are beginning to be understood. In a 2015 study, researchers ​examined the physiological response of students when “unable to answer their iPhone while performing cognitive tasks” (Clayton et al., 2015).​ ​ Firstly, that such a study exists indicates the severity of the problem, but matters only look more grim when the results are examined. Among the effects on participants from temporary iPhone separation were heart rate and blood pressure increases, decreased cognitive performance, as well as self-reported spikes in anxiety (Clayton et al., 2015). In a groundbreaking 2017 paper, researchers found a statistically significant correlation between increased rates of depression and suicide-related outcomes in adolescents and time spent on “new media devices”, with youth who spent more time on their smartphones more likely to suffer from mental health issues (Tweng et al., 2017). This is only the beginning of research into the effects of smartphone addiction, but preliminary research presents a harrowing picture for the future. These effects are operating on a mass scale given the ⅔ of the global population who own smartphones, and exist not in isolation but as part of a complex web of social networks that amplify individual behavioural changes. Ironically, the framework of the “social network” is useful here to elucidate the societal implications of dangerous design choices. If you view one user as a node within a network, connected to a set number of other nodes through social connections, who in turn are connected to their own set of social connections, the mechanism through which social change occurs becomes clear. Figure 3​ . ​ This network diagram illustrates the proliferation of behavioural change. The central node (blue dot) has the ability to directly affect only those explicitly linked to it (the pink dots). Those pink dots, in turn, exist within their own social networks, and so their behavioural change impacts their own networks (the green dots), which then repeat the process outward. An individual behavioural change (i.e more time spent scrolling through the Facebook app), is likely to have tangential effects on the behaviour of the closest nodes in the network which in turn affects the closest nodes in their network systems, as per ‘network theory’ (Owen-Smith, 2014). Now that these networks are becoming increasingly virtual, the scale and speed at which individual behavioural change can catalyse societal change is exponentially greater. Another useful framework with which to consider this problem is the theory of ontological design. A leading thinker in ontological design, Anne-Marie Willis, defines the theory as “​a hermeneutics of design concerned with the nature and of the agency of design”​ which postulates the idea that “​we design our world, while our world acts back on us and designs us” (Willis, 2006). The mobile apps that we design, in turn design our behaviours and our worlds, and then our worlds in turn impact the way we design future iterations of our apps. It’s an infinite feedback loop, that makes deafeningly clear the significance of design. Willis argues that “design is something far more pervasive and profound than is generally recognised by designers, cultural theorists, philosophers or lay persons”, and it is under these words of caution that I will bring the field of design ethics into the frame. Ethical designing is designing to inform rather than manipulate, an approach to design that is founded on a set of guiding ethical principles. It’s become such an important area that some companies are even employing ‘Design Ethicists’ to maintain design integrity at their firm, a decision that Google made when they made Tristan Harris their Design Ethicist in 2013 (Klein, 2018). Harris speaks of how companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter are competing in “a zero-sum race for our finite attention”, and thus design non-neutral products, instead building systems “designed to addict us”​ ​ (Harris, 2018). Ethical designing is about neutrality, prompting specific behaviours but in transparent, non-harmful ways. Design is the ultimate invisible art form, made with the intention of creating behavioural change. The same artistic principles of form, colour, and line are moulded not for artistic value, but as drivers of behaviour. UI/UX designers are artisans of people rather than products, crafting desired responses rather than visual interfaces. As individual and societal consumers of this technology, I see two main responses to this tacit manipulation. Firstly, it is imperative to pay attention to our own experience with the technology we interact with, looking for instances where our behaviour deviates from our intentions, or where we feel swayed in an unintended direction. From this place of attention comes the ability to hold these companies responsible for their design choices, and proclaim loudly when their choices constitute a net social loss. Secondly, there are measures we can take to proactively defend against invisible design. Actions such as deactivating notifications, turning our displays to grayscale to neutralise the impact of colour, reserving your home screen for only practical tools can all help to decrease the impact of the design choices made by Facebook and Twitter. In a world where social change is driven in large part by invisible artists, now more than ever is the time to learn how they work.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written by Anna Mukhlaeva, Eiza Naveed and Marcelle Iten, Minerva Class of 2021. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  Research question:​ How can we curate an event catered to the Minerva class of 2021 that raises awareness about intimate partner violence and encourages joyful relationships within the community? Proposal: ​A domestic violence awareness session, called “Joyful Relationships”, that targets Minerva Students specifically through the consideration of their cultural and personal beliefs and predispositions. Domestic violence (DV) is a pattern of abusive behavior in an intimate relationship where one partner gains or maintains control over the other (Powell & Smith, 2011). However, it is not necessary for DV to occur only within an intimate partner relationship as 43% of domestic violence cases reported in the U.S. from 1973-1981 involved violence from non-partners i.e. parents, siblings, and other relatives (Bureau of Justice Statistics, 1981). Domestic violence can consist of any physical, sexual, emotional, financial, or psychological actions or threats of actions that influence another person (The U.S Department of Justice, 2017). The term domestic violence comprises several subcategories, including abusive relationships (Fig 1). Offenders can be of any gender, but women are more likely to be victims (Nevada Network Against Domestic Violence – NNADV, 2010). 85% of domestic violence victims are women (Bureau of Justice Statistics, 2003). According to the National Violence Against Women Survey, approximately 1.5 million women in the United States are physically assaulted and/or raped by their current or former husbands, partners, or boyfriends each year (‘Defense Task Force on Domestic Violence,’ 2001). However, these statistics do not consider unreported cases. A study by the U.S. Department of Justice found that most incidents of intimate partner violence are not reported to the police possibly due to the victim’s fear of reprisal (U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, National Institute of Justice, 2000). Domestic Violence can be approached from many angles. Therefore, we chose to narrow our research question to: How can we curate an event catered to the Minerva class of 2021 that raises awareness about intimate partner violence and encourages joyful relationships within the community? Figure 1. This figure illustrates the many angles of domestic violence and describes the types of abuse. Reducing the scope to a specific community, such as the Minerva class of 2021, allows for targeted solutions and reduces the complexity of the problem. Minerva has had two events, a Sex-Ed session and a mandatory online course called Haven on EVERFI, that dealt with similar topics. These were analyzed to determine which aspects were effective and which could use refinement. Through the implementation of two surveys and information from the student affairs team of the institution (Lindo, 2018) we were able to determine that the Minerva class of 2021 would benefit from an increased level of awareness  regarding domestic violence. Thus, we have designed an event with the purpose of curating an engaging and helpful experience that will raise awareness for DV and provide M2021 students with the tools necessary to identify red flags in an abusive relationship.  The first survey was conducted on a random sample of 100 M21 students. We were unable to access the number of recorded complaints about sexual assault at Minerva, as this information cannot be revealed to the students for a number of reasons (Naveed & Lindo, 2018). However, we tried to get approximated answers using survey A. Table 1. ​The results of the survey A. The second survey asked 36 random students about the two previous events that addressed similar topics (Appendix B). Each student was asked to rate how helpful each event (Sex-ed and Haven) was on a scale of 0-10. The data collected demonstrated the following results: Table 2 ​. Answers to the survey B. In a follow up survey (Mukhlaeva et al., 2018), respondents who scored the two events 5 and below were asked about their choices. For Sex-ed, 58.6% of the respondents said “the presentation was disengaging” followed by 27.9% saying that they “found the style of the presentation not interesting/boring/disengaging.” For EVERFI, 44.8% responded saying “The presentation was disengaging” followed by 24.1% saying that they “found the style of the presentation not interesting/boring/disengaging.” Also, 79.4% of the respondents answered that they would prefer fine arts, stand-up poetry, and storytelling. When asked about improvements, respondents chose from a list of predetermined ideas, (which may have introduced bias as students did not come up with improvements themselves).  We have chosen to focus upon intimate partner violence because most students are away from their homes (families and friends) and will be in contact with fellow Minervans in their dormitories for the most part. These students may serve as future/current partners for some of the Minervans for casual sexual contact or for intimate relationships. Moreover, the Minerva cohort of 2021 is a tight knit community; with only 197 students who share common spaces, rooms, classes, projects, and co-curriculars on a daily basis, one is bound to interact with the, one is bound to interact with their peers. Due to limited information about the Minerva student body (Naveed & Jason, 2018), data from other US colleges has also been evaluated. Minerva is similar to traditional colleges in one key way ​; ​ students stay in residential houses. According to Patrick, Murray, and Heffernan (2012) who analyzed 10,965 cases of rape and sexual assault reported by medical providers for universities in Massachusetts, the highest number of campus rapes and sexual assaults took place in a dormitory (81%). This trend is seen across five other universities in other states, where 47% of the registered sexual assault complaints took place in a dormitory (Shukman, 2017). Other top tier universities have also witnessed cases of sexual assault occurring in dormitories (Raguso, 2018; Brooklyn College, 2016). Since Minervans live in dormitories for Freshman and Junior years (Lindo, 2018), it is possible for them to experience sexual assault. 43% of dating college women report experiencing abusive dating behaviors including physical, sexual, verbal, financial, or emotional abuse (Knowledge Networks, Inc. 2011); nearly 29% of college women say they have been in an abusive dating relationship ( ​Claiborne, 2011 ​). 52% of college women report knowing a friend who has experienced violent and abusive dating behaviors (National Domestic Violence Hotline, 2018). However, 58% of college students say they don’t know how to help a victim of dating abuse (Knowledge Networks, Inc. 2011). ​38% of college students ​say they don’t know how to get help for themselves if they were a victim of dating abuse (Knowledge Networks, Inc. 2011), and more than half of all college students (57%) say it is difficult to identify dating abuse (National Domestic Violence Hotline, 2018). Although an overwhelming percentage of dating college women have experienced abusive dating behavior, a majority of college students lack the knowledge and skills needed to to mitigate or identify abuse. Thus, we aim to raise awareness and develop these skill-sets in college students. Although Minerva students have a mandatory Sex-Ed session and online safety course (Haven), both were ineffective in helping increase one’s knowledge of similar topic, as shown in Table 2. Ultimately, the Minerva community currently has little awareness of DV. The goal state is an increased level of awareness regarding intimate partner violence and a desire to engage in joyful relationships for M2021 students. Diversity challenges the approach to our goal: Minerva is a highly diverse community with differing views regarding relationships. For instance, women from the Middle East and  Western Europe would need different approaches due to cultural differences within them. It is unfair to overrule some culture’s beliefs to emphasize others. Thus, the introduction of art would allow everyone to express themselves as they wish – individually or according to their cultural beliefs – and extract different meanings from the same piece. It serves as a bridge between cultures by allowing everyone to induce and create meaning individually and share it in a way that enables everyone to focus on the aspects that unite their beliefs rather than those that divide them.  Different cultures have different ways of approaching relationships, and acknowledging the context of the student body is crucial. It is important to recognize differing cultural concepts and attitudes. Several concepts in world cultures shape people’s attitudes towards DV (Danis et al., 2010). For example, a common cultural concept in Asian countries (a very broad range of countries from Afghanistan to South Korea) is shame and “saving face”. Women are pressured into protecting their own, and their family’s reputations. Therefore, reporting or speaking up about domestic violence might threaten their reputation. Similarly, collectivism, which is common in Asia, differs from individualism, which is predominant in the United States. According to collectivist beliefs, women should seek help within their communities and not rush to report the abuser (Danis et al., 2010). As for Slavic countries, domestic/dating violence is deeply rooted in the history of their culture, and women perceive it as something normal (Post, 2010). Religion strongly influences diversity in Minerva. There are many cultural sensitivities, and approaching the issue from the Western World perspective to relationships will be ineffective. In fact, it was one of the problems of the Sex-Ed session and Haven course – they were not culturally sensitive. Teaching Muslim girls who wear hijab about doing research on their bodies and having casual sex contradicts their religious beliefs, and leads to defensiveness, subsequently failing to teach them about healthy relationships. Therefore, common ground and
encouragement of mutual respect should be highlighted to address potential conflicts. Consequently, the “Joyful Relationships” session will respect the context of the diverse Minerva community by emphasizing respect, tolerance, and the importance of recognizing and exercising boundaries. The purpose of the “Joyful Relationship” session is to raise awareness about intimate partner violence and give M2021 students the necessary tools to spot red flags and engage in healthy relationships. The event is focused on integrating respect, compassion, and empathy into Minerva’s core values. Compassion stumps indifference, while respect ensures that one does not violate another’s rights. The underlying goal of the project is to nurture the stated values within the Minerva community, where victims of dating violence/harassment will not be judged or looked down upon, but instead be treated with respect and compassion. This is inspired by what most domestic violence shelters do once a victim is with them i.e. treat her with love and respect (Catalyst Domestic Violence Services, 2018). Moreover, we want to encourage action and prevent others from being perpetrators or victims of intimate partner violence. The guiding principles of this project are as follows: firstly, respect the audience. It is easy to act in the affected people’s best interest without directly referring to them, but it deprives the audience of expression. Therefore, we conducted extensive surveys and a few private interviews to understand the needs and wants of our audience. In doing so, we, as the curators of Joyful Relationships, practice empathy. Secondly, the campaign cannot promote any message that contradicts factual truth. The guiding principles, the goal, and the values braid together to thoroughly construct Joyful Relationships.  The event will last 2 hours and the schedule is as follows: Table 3. ​ Schedule of the event. As the survey showed, the Haven course and the Sex-Ed were not effective. By making the event interactive, the audience can engage with the topic meaningfully. Before the event, we will ask Minervans to share their artwork (photography, painting, etc) expressing their views on domestic violence, joyful relationships, or intimate partner violence etc. We will incentivize them by showcasing their art at the event during the Art Walk, with the creator’s name, lest they choose to stay anonymous. The Welcome Note will be a brief speech welcoming the audience and inviting them to the Art Walk. Students who were unable to present, or chose not to, will be given a chance to express themselves by making art during the walk (pieces of paper, coloured markers, and crayons will be provided). This will ensure that if anyone feels inspired by their peers’ art, they can create some of their own. Next comes Story Sharing. Storytelling is a powerful tool of cognitive persuasion; here, its goal would be to persuade the audience to stay alert and provide them with tools to recognize healthy/unhealthy relationships based on others’ experiences. Storytelling aligns with the narrative paradigm theory of persuasion, which states that humans are creatures driven to tell stories (Fisher, 1987). The narrative paradigm theory is the most appropriate tool for the event because violence is a sensitive topic, and approaching it with cognitive dissonance or social judgement theory might cause negative feelings to emerge, distancing the audience from the takeaway message. Fisher argued that emotions, values, and preferences shape our actions, so the stories should evoke emotions of compassion for the stories to be more powerful. Additionally, Fisher argued that stories should be believable and rely on good reasons as opposed to sound logic. Thus, we will present real stories of real people, and let them stay anonymous (Mukhlaeva, Naveed, and Iten will present and other M2021 students will be given a chance to share). There is a contrast between narrative and the rational world paradigm (Dainton & Zelley, 2010). Humans, as storytellers, base their rationality on the consistency and truthfulness of the story, and the appeal of coherent stories is as strong as the appeal of sound arguments (Dainton & Zelley, 2010). Thus, we will open the discussion for the audience to share their stories in small equally numbered groups. Each group will be moderated by an expert and/or one of the three main speakers (Mukhaeva, Iten, Naveed) and additional helpers recruited and trained before the event. Narratives and logos are hard to argue against unless the stories seem implausible (which will be avoided through the promise of uttermost sincerity and display of appropriate confidence and vulnerability). Potential counterarguments are weak. For example, the audience may oppose story-tellers by raising points about the integrity of the family and the “normality of the conflict” between romantic partners. Nevertheless, these arguments can be easily addressed through the appeal to basic human rights, as defined by the United Nations (United Nations, 2018), and sound logic. After the discussion in breakout groups, the students will watch the Talent Show. Poetry and music performers will be recruited from the Minerva class of 2021, and will demonstrate how art can inspire social change, in this case, about intimate partner violence. This sequence of events will keep the audience interested and will ensure deep engagement. The length of the event (2 hours) and the level of engagement required (cognitive effort) are appropriate.While 25 minutes seems like a short time for discussing such a sensitive matter, this will ensure that students will continue to engage in conversations about the topic, after the event is over. Poetry and music performers will be asked to cater their pieces to the nature of the event. This will involve the alignment of topics. All works of art (including fine arts, poetry, and music) must be approved by the main speakers before they are presented. The science of learning techniques and principles were implemented in the design of the event as the surveys demonstrated why previous attempts at addressing similar topics were ineffective. The Haven course and Sex-ed session implemented lecture-based approaches. However, lectures are ineffective ways to acquire knowledge (Kosslyn & Nelson, 2017). Through a meta-analysis of 225 studies gauging how well students were able to learn from lectures and further introspection, it was concluded that active learning was more beneficial than passively listening to lectures (Kosslyn & Nelson, 2017). Therefore, “Joyful Relationships” will be a form of ​active learning ​: our main source of transmitting knowledge about healthy relationships comes from a 25 minute long seminar-style discussion. The audience will elaborately interrogate the differences between healthy and abusive relationships. Elaborative interrogation will allow the information to sink in more effectively (Dunlosky et al., 2013). When the audience creates art to express their ideas about DV during the Art Walk, they are engaging in self-explanation. Also, the discussion will alternate with the artistic activities. A mixture of storytelling, seminar style teaching, and engaging with art will create “interleaving,” which will help the audience draw from what they learned long after the session is over (Dunlosky et al., 2013). Although the content of our event will target abusive relationships, the redflags of abuse, and domestic violence (i.e. by targeting its subcategories as discussed in unit 1), we will market the event as “the creation of Joyful Relationships” rather than the prevention of abusive ones. This is because there is a negative connotation attached with the word “abusive” and due to the stigma around it, “Abusive Relationships” might discourage people from attending. “Joyful Relationships”, on the other hand, has a more positive connotation and the word “joyful” may be less likely to have a stigma around it. This event will not be mandatory as we do not want to force students, and because we want to create a special atmosphere of respect, nurture, and freedom of choice. Instead, we will encourage people to come, by advertising with broad framing. If students engaged in narrow framing, they would not attend the session because they can spend these 2 hours doing their assignments or readings. This might create short term relief and urgent productivity. To them, utilizing these two hours by doing work/extra activities will prevent immediate time wastage. This is narrow framing. However, these students may not be equipped with the skills to identify red flags, or curate healthier relationships which will add to their overall happiness. So although they saved two hours, in the long term, they may lose many hours to painful experiences that can be avoided (i.e. fights with a partner). However, by thinking long term and applying broad framing, they would realize that they will be better equipped with the knowledge and skill-set needed to deal with this topic, and it will save hours of painful experiences. Therefore, by highlighting the long term benefits in our advertisements, we would encourage more students to attend. There is some uncertainty given that we have not chosen a venue in Seoul where the event would take place. Additionally, the event has been designed under the assumption that students will feel comfortable sharing their thoughts on intimate relationships and creating pieces of art that express them, which may not be the case. These uncertainties, however, can be mitigated by further research, exploration of the city, and by guaranteeing student participation by requiring them to submit their artwork for revision before the session takes place. This way we would also allocate enough time to include feedback and allow for corrections and re-submissions. Another source of potential complications is turn up and participation. Nonetheless, these can be assigned probabilities through the frequentist approach. Therefore, these limitations can be categorized as risks. Evaluating the previous sessions and Minerva-sponsored activities showed us ways to deal with the issues that may arise.  We strongly believe that upon further iteration and implementation, our proposed session would successfully raise awareness about intimate partner violence and encourage joyful relationships within the Minerva community. Furthermore, we trust our peers to graduate, have their families, and become highly influential people across a variety of fields, which makes their deep engagement with boundaries and nuanced understanding of respectful intimate relationships one of utmost importance.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Socioeconomic Influences on the Arts and Literature course by Kayla Cohen, Minerva Class of 2019.  Kayla is a double-major student of Arts and Humanities and Natural Sciences. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  In 1944, in the midst of the Second World War and Hitler’s fascist regime, two German philosophers Theodor Adorno and Max Horkheimer published a damning critique of art and what it had become. Heavily influenced by Marxism and Freudian psychoanalysis, their essay “The Culture Industry: Enlightenment as Mass Deception” claimed that art had been infiltrated by Capitalistic concerns at every level: production, distribution, and audience reception ​(Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). The result, they argued, was the pacification of the audience whose taste had seemingly become as easy to manipulate as Pavlov’s drooling dogs. However, the emergence and sustained activity of fan cultures around specific artworks and art forms suggest that Adorno and Horkheimer’s appraisal no longer holds. In my essay, I address science fiction fandom and argue that their myriad fannish activities demonstrates an active engagement, challenging Adorno and Horkheimer’s model of ​audience as passive​. I investigate the history of SciFi fandom, drawing on concrete examples from American SciFi conventions, Italian fanzines, and online blogs to consider how Adorno and Horkheimer might have interpreted this widespread phenomenon were they alive today. Ultimately, I find their critique to be too cynical, too soon, and that SciFi fandom proves that modern audiences are just as critically engaged as ever. In their seminal book ​Dialectic of Enlightenment ​Adorno and Horkheimer replace the word “art” with “culture industry”, suggesting that art production and reception were majorly influenced by capitalistic forces. They frame culture as a commodity and audience members as the consumers of this culture-commodity who “ ​fall helpless victims to… Capitalist production” ​(Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). They might then have claimed that art is produced according to the demands of the audience, but they go further to say that capitalism has set in motion a ​“circle of manipulation and retroactive need” whereby the industry no longer responds to but ​shapes public demand ​(Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). Thus, in their essay they depict artists as stripped of creative autonomy and audience members as robbed of their consciousness. Since 1944, the discourse regarding audience reception theory has changed to reflect a growing fandom culture; the most active and persistent groups of which are SciFi-related (Jaworski & Baker-Whitelaw, 2017). Arguably, SciFi fandom represents the quintessential fandom community, its history spanning from 1920 till the present day. What is now an international group of millions of fans first began as a small circle of subscribers to ​Amazing Stories, ​an American SciFi magazine that not only published readers’ letters but also their address. This made it possible for “the dialogue… [to move] outside the magazines into private correspondence, personal interactions at meetings and conventions, newsletters and amateur magazines called fanzines” (Westfahl, 1999). Suddenly, SciFi was more than just a genre, it was an organising force that drew people together. Soon, academics had no choice but to move beyond Adorno and Horkheimer’s ideas to change the way they view audiences. On March, 2012, the 31st annual I-CON SciFi convention celebrating animé and video games was hosted at Stony Brook University, New York. Video-journalist Chris Ware was sent to cover the story for ​Newsday ​and captured the atmosphere of the day. Ware’s video reveals the deep emotional connection between the fan participants, with one attendee offering free hugs (see video below) and an interviewee saying “we’re home, it’s where you can be you, no one judges you cause they’re all the same” (Newsday, 2012). These types of sentiments have led psychologists to hypothesise that fans are drawn together by a “psychological sense of community (PSOC)” (Obst, Zinkiewicz & Smith, 2002, p.87). In their essay ​Sense of community in science fiction fandom, Part 1: Understanding sense of community in an international community of interest, ​a team of psychologists found that “science fiction fandom reported high levels of PSOC” (Obst, Zinkiewicz & Smith, 2002, p.88). They analysed a sample of 359 SciFi fans at a convention for their views on the following PSOC factors: membership, influence, integration, and shared emotional connection. Using a 1-7 scale (where seven represents the most positive response) the researchers discovered that, on average, fans rate their sense of belonging (membership) at 5.43 and the friendship and support (shared emotional connection) among them at 5.12. The team also added a new factor ‘Conscious Identification’ that measures how aware fans are of themselves in relation to fellow members, which averaged 4.24. This figure is made concrete by comments by interviewees in Ware’s video, such as when one woman explained “It’s important that my costume makes other people feel happy as well as me being happy in it” (Newsday, 2012). Events such as the I-CON convention, as well as the team’s findings, serve as counterexamples to Adorno and Horkheimer’s dystopian vision of inactive audience members mindlessly absorbing entertainment.  Adorno and Horkheimer were writing before the internet exploded onto the scene and so never witnessed the immense impact of technology on the arts. The early fanzines and small gatherings (Glasser, 1961) might not have been significant enough to catch their critical eye, but had they seen the plethora of usenet newsgroups, blogs, websites, and discussion forums that sprang up since the 1990s they might have painted a brighter picture. The “dot com boom” and improved design of web browsers transitioned America and other industrialised countries into the Information Age, and created a borderless place in which audiences from around the world could critically engage with creative work and interact with each other. An especially insightful example of how SciFi communities operate online is the science fiction thread on Reddit, where users are very active. Over 100 discussions have begun in the past ten days alone (April 8-18th, 2018), with subjects ranging from SciFi film critiques – “Why ‘Alien: Isolation’ is one of the best Alien sequels” by user OutForTheories – all the way to award-winning directors allowing fans to “Ask me anything!” (Reddit, 2018). These web-interactions indicate that the internet plays a pivotal role in SciFi fandom, helping to spread information and cultivate a sense of community. However, since fandom is centered around the enthusiastic consumption of a particular product, one might wonder whether a community of fans are distinct from a community of consumers. Indeed, Adorno and Horkheimer would have a thing or two to say about psychologist Seymour Sarason’s influential definition of community as “the perception of similarity with others, an acknowledged interdependence with others, a willingness to maintain this interdependence by giving to or doing for others what one expects from them, the feeling that one is part of a larger dependable and stable structure” (Sarason, 1977, p.157). Accordingly, SciFi fans can be seen to value conformity and adopt a transactional mindset, which would suggest that they operate under capitalist assumptions. Perhaps Adorno and Horkheimer would have interpreted fandom as merely an expression of capitalism; a legitimised form of audience engagement whereby a cultural product is elevated to quasi-religious status and worshipped. Far from challenging capitalism’s hegemonic grip on art, fans simply create more demand. Sure, they possess power in so far as their demand creates an economic incentive for art producers to manufacture more of the desired product, but fans do not possess autonomy. In fact, by substituting cultural products for social structures that fulfill their social needs, fans may be considered among the most dependent on capitalist culture industry. In this way, fandoms represent a special kind of audience so susceptible to capitalist manipulation that they have developed an insatiable demand and have become ideal consumers. When contextualised within broader capitalist society, fannish activity is not as active and independent minded as it first seemed. It serves as an excellent illustration of Adorno and Horkheimer’s fear that “real life is becoming indistinguishable from the movies” (Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). A large portion of their essay argues that capitalism has not only commodified culture but human consciousness itself. If “entertainment” was once a “sought after … escape from the mechanised work process”, it has now become so entrenched in the audience’s mind that “its prime service to the customer is to do his schematising for him” (Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). They claim that the culture industry has a profound psychological effect on the audience, causing “the illusion to prevail that the outside world is the straightforward continuation of that presented on the screen” (Adorno & Horkheimer, 1944). SciFi fans dwell in unreal worlds presented in futuristic fiction and use this fictional set up to form a network in which their social needs are catered to. Accordingly, fandoms are the realisation of Adorno and Horkheimer’s dystopian vision; they are cliques of hyper-consumers who have bought into the cultural product to such a large extent that they have replaced reality with illusion. But to characterise fandom as a capitalist monster is to not look closely enough. Academics who study SciFi fandom on the national-level have described the culture as genuinely alternative and autonomous. Literary historian Giulia Iannuzzi studies Italian SciFi fandom in the Information Age and finds that “their activities influenced media development and the shape of the contemporary Italian mediascape” (Iannuzzi, 2016, p.110). Iannuzzi argues that fans have agency and that they influence the media just as much as the media influences them. This mutually dependant relationship need not be thought of negatively as a type of manipulation. A brief history of Italian SciFi fandom shows that “ ​new media influenced fans’ activities… by making new spaces and tools available to produce content and connect people ​” (Iannuzzi, 2016, p.111). From “ ​the first clubs and… fanzines appearing in the 1960s ​” through the “ ​spread of Bulletin Board Systems during the 1990s” and ​ finally “the ​advent of the Internet in the 2000s” technological advances have been employed by fans looking to empower themselves ​(Iannuzzi, 2016, p.111) ​. According to ​Iannuzzi, fannish activities ​ “can… be interpreted as direct responses to specific shortcomings in the contents offered by cultural industries” ​(Iannuzzi, 2016, ​p.122). Instead of working within capitalist systems, fanzines worked around them, publishing content that had been rejected by professional publications for commercial reasons. Thus, fannish activities were “born outside of the canonic cultural institutions” and reveal “activist tendencies” analogous to grassroots political insurgencies (Iannuzzi, 2016, ​p.116). Italian fans are not passive receptacles for SciFi products, but constantly “yearning for creative and critical spaces” in which to analyse art and express their own imaginative leaps ​(Iannuzzi, 2016, ​p.116). This is reflected by the fact that many people started out as fans and ended up professional writers, such as Gianfranco de Turris and Gian Luigi Staffilano. Even today, fandom serves as both a “training ground and contact network” that helps catalyze the careers of budding writers ​(Iannuzzi, 2016, ​p.115). Beyond a sense of community, fandom expands the horizon of opportunities for consumers who wish to become producers, uncurtailed by mainstream taste and capitalist ideas. Another phenomenon that poses a challenge to Adorno and Horkheimer’s views is fanfiction. SciFi fans are such prolific producers of art that they have created a new literary category “fanfiction” wherein fans write stories set in pre-established fictional worlds and/or about characters already created by professional writers. The social dynamics within SciFi fandom influences the fanfiction produced. The marginalisation of female characters in SciFi and the historic reality of females as a minority within SciFi fandom has led to a demand for r​eimagined heroines. Exercising their agency as consumers-producers, female SciFi fans have filled “the need of a mostly female audience for fictional narratives that expand the boundary of the official source products offered on the television and movie screen” (Bacon-Smith, 2000, p.113). According to an essay published in ​Fan Fiction and Fan Communities in the Age of the Internet, ​ female authors accounted for 83% of ​Star Trek ​ fanfiction by 1970, and 90% by 1973 (Coppa, 2006), showing just how proactive female audiences are. The depictions of women that sell best – as love interests or side characters – did not cater to their desire for realistic portrayals of the female sex. In this way, fandom can be seen to spiral out of capitalist control. However, a literary analysis of the jargon used by SciFi fans online reveals a deep gender divide within the community. In his seminal essay “The Neo-Fans Guide”, Arthus Wilson “Bob” Tucker provides a glossary of terms to help novice fans navigate “the jungle known as Science Fiction Fandom” (Tucker, 1955). In it, he distinguishes male followers from female “fem-fans” or “fannes”, implying that the generic term “fan” applies to men only. Indeed, this gender divide continues to express itself through gender-specific labelling of new genres of fanfiction. For example, slash fiction is a genre of fanfiction that features sexual attraction between characters of the same sex. While the genre officially comprises both homosexual and lesbian encounters, fans often differentiate between the two by using “femslash”, “f/fslash” and “femmeslash”. Thus, while female SciFi fans continue to demonstrate their agency by producing most fanfiction, they do so within a sometimes hostile environment of majority male members. Regardless of the social dynamics within SciFi fandom, the group remains a strong counterexample against Adorno and Horkheimer’s pessimistic views. Their fannish activities extend way beyond consumerism to produce their own fanfiction and a distinct set of social relations. The major impact of the internet on fan communities was such that it allowed them a new sense of agency by providing new spaces and tools. Their sustained critical engagement with SciFi products through fanzines and forum discussions disproves Adorno and Horkheimer’s model of ​audience as passive​. While it is true that SciFi fans often deploy fictional worlds to organise their reality and social lives, this does not demonstrate a mindless absorption of the “culture industry” but rather an active reckoning with and reimagining of science fiction media.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Modeling, Simulation and Decision Making course, as well as Minerva’s Constructing Theories of Good Government course, by Rory Foulger, Minerva Class of 2019.  To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  All code for this final project is available here. Gerrymandering, the practice of redrawing district boundaries in an area in order to distribute voters in a way which benefits a specific party, is a much discussed issue in the United States. In the US, district lines must be redrawn after every census, so once every ten years. In most states, the party in charge at the time gets to choose where those lines go. This has a huge impact on the results of any election, and is especially important in presidential elections. One of the biggest problems in this space is that, although gerrymandering on racial grounds and violation of the One Person, One Vote rule has been ruled unconstitutional, no redistricting plan has been rejected by the Supreme Court. This is because they do not have a reliable method of finding if a district has been gerrymandered. Gerrymandering is a highly quantifiable problem. In the 2012 election, despite the fact that the Democrats earned 1.17 million more votes than the Republicans (50.59% of the two party vote), they only received 46% of the seats in the House. The Democrats lost out on approximately 18 seats in 2012, which would have given them a House majority. Despite the fact that the country had voted for a Democrat House, Senate and President, they ended up with a Republican House (‘112th United States Congress’, 2018). In 2016, Republicans gained as many as 22 additional House seats over what would have been expected given the popular vote. For the first time since 2005, the Republican party has a majority in both the House and the Senate, and they have the largest Republican majority since 1929 (‘114th United States Congress’, 2018). In this essay, I will explain and demonstrate the concept and impact of gerrymandering on the outcome of an election, and how we can detect gerrymandering in a districted map. There are two key stakeholders in this. First, the Supreme Court, which has to make judgements on districted maps if they are questioned. The Supreme Court needs to have a reliable test and metric in order to decide if a map has been subject to partisan gerrymandering. Second, the general public. In a democracy, it is important that the people’s will is reflected in their leaders. My policy recommendations will be to the Supreme Court. Gerrymandering works by ‘cracking and packing’ the opposition party’s voters. Let’s look at a simple example.  The most obviously fair way of splitting the area is vertically, as in the first districted map. This means that 60% of districts vote for purple, and 40% vote for green, which is the same as the distribution of the general population’s votes. However, if we are the purple party, and we want to maximise our districting, so that we get more seats in congress, we might want to draw the district lines horizontally, as in the second districted map. This ensures that we win in every district, so instead of getting 60% of the votes, we get 100%. On the other hand, if we are the green party, we want to try to win the election, even though we only have 40% of the votes. If we’re in charge of drawing the districts, then we can do some creative redistricting in the third districted map, in order to pack purple voters into a small number of districts (2 districts have only purple voters), and then crack the remaining voters into green dominant districts, making it impossible for purple to win in those districts. The goal is not to try and minimise the number of purple voters in each district, but rather to waste their votes by packing them all into sure win districts. By cracking and packing, we have successfully won the election for a party with just 40% of the votes, just by changing the borders. By using the basic principles of cracking and packing, the people doing the redistricting are able to have significant influence on an election result. Apart from the obvious impact of essentially rigging part of an election, there are other consequences of gerrymandering, the most important ones of which are loss of societal trust and less inclusive governance. Societal trust is vital for the continued integrity of a democratic system. In order for people to willingly give governments the legitimacy they need in order to function, they have to trust that the government is acting in the people’s best interests. People’s level of involvement with the government, with democratic processes, and even the level to which they obey the law, depends to some degree on their belief that the system is fair. Even if gerrymandering is not occurring (and no one has proved that it is to the degree needed for the Supreme Court to make a ruling yet), the public believes it is. And even just the appearance of the government trying to ‘play’ its citizens can be taken very badly. This could result in a serious lack of engagement in democratic process on a large scale, a dramatic reduction in the level of trust we have in government, and a less inclusive government, due to the public not taking the agency to contribute to decision making. The social contract works based on the idea that the system is fair, and that politicians are at least aiming to be working for the benefit of their constituents. If they are actually manipulating voters so that they are more likely to be able to continue to be in media spotlights or powerful positions, then we cannot trust that they will make ​any ​decision with the people in mind. If they got into government by manipulating votes, how can we trust that they will be able to make good decisions for us? If the politicians do not have the mandate and trust of the people, how are they supposed to govern at all? Alongside this lack of societal trust, the government also becomes less inclusive. If the districts are being gerrymandered, then potentially millions of people are not being given a voice in the outcome of the election. This is not only important in presidential elections, where the people need to elect their representatives for the good of the country, but also for local and statewide elections. In order for people to be able to trust in, and be included by, the government at any level, representatives need to be representative of the will of the people. In a severely gerrymandered map, this is not possible. Having any majority in the House allows one party to pass laws and enact policies. If the majority is in seats but not population, then these laws are going into effect without the mandate of the people. For example, in Michigan in 2012, despite the Democrats receiving 50.4% of the popular vote, the Republicans received 57% of the seats. This allowed the Republican party to advance a very conservative agenda, including forbidding contracts which require workers to pay union dues, higher taxes on pensions, lower taxes on corporations and a large spending cut. This policy was passed, despite not getting a single Democrat supporter, and having many of the Republican seats vote against. On the other side, Vermont’s 1998 House of Representatives was majority Democrat due to a large efficiency gap, and they succeeded in passing a same-sex civil union bill with just 51% of the Representative votes. This was the first same-sex civil union bill in the USA. When the Republicans took back the House, they were not able to repeal the law. Both of these examples show that once a law has been made or a policy enacted, it is very difficult to reverse it. So it is vital that the representatives are genuinely representative of the popular vote, and even more vital that representatives are not advantaged by fiddling with the maps. In order for a district map to be fair, it should be geographically compact, and should not break up natural communities. There are several metrics we can use in order to work out if a district map is fair, and I will discuss three key tools: the efficiency gap, actual vs expected seats, and compactness. The most important of tools is the efficiency gap. The efficiency gap finds the difference between the votes which each party wasted. In the example below, team purple’s wasted votes are all of the votes for purple (P) in a district where green (G) won, or a vote for purple in a district where purple got over 50% of the votes. In other words, wasted votes are all of the excess votes (the number of votes for the winner – ½ the population of the district), and all of the votes which did not lead to a win for that team. Below, we can see three differently districted maps, with their associated efficiency scores.  An efficiency gap of 0 means that the two parties both wasted an equal number of votes. The higher the efficiency gap, the less fair the separation is. In this example, we can see that Map 3 has a very low efficiency gap, which tells us that neither party has an unfair advantage. In Map 2, which has an efficiency gap of 12, we can see that the green party has an advantage, because very few of their votes are wasted – they have no voters in the district where purple won, and they secured narrow victories in the other districts. This gives green a significant advantage over purple, and results in them getting 75% of the available power, when they only had 47% of the popular vote. This is calculated using the following pseudocode. The second important test of gerrymandering is looking at the expected number of seats vs the actual number of seats won. We would expect the purple party to win 60% of the seats if they have 60% of the votes. If they actually win 40% of the seats, or 80%, then we can suspect that gerrymandering has occurred.  expected a wins  = (number of votes a / district population) × number of nodes in district Third, we can look at the compactness of each district (to see if it has a congruent shape), as in the ‘Compact Division’ diagram to the right. The diagram demonstrates three ways (Polsby-Popper, Reock and Area/Convex Hull) in which we can calculate the compactness of a district using North Carolina’s District 12, one of the most gerrymandered districts in the USA. Other methods of analysing real state maps include taking the districted map and changing it a tiny bit, over and over again. If the slightly changed districts dramatically change the result of the election, then it is likely that the map has been gerrymandered. By coming up with metrics and formulas to quantify the level of gerrymandering in a state, we can begin to produce guidelines and be able to decide if a map which has been drawn is fair. The Supreme Court has not yet accepted a specific method for making this decision, but are currently debating using the efficiency gap. In order to think deeply about this topic, I created a model to simulate districting and voting in a simple map. In my simulation, there are two parties, A and B.  I started with a 10×10 node map. Within each node, I generated a number of votes for party A, and a number of votes for party B. Both numbers are randomly generated, and can be between 100 and 1000. These two numbers sum to make the population of the node. If the population is greater than 1750, then the node is labelled as an urban area, and the number of votes for party A gets increased by 10%. On the un-districted graph, you can see the party each node voted for (A or B).   The next step is to organise the nodes into districts. We choose a random node and look at its population. We also look at all the other nodes which are connected to our random node and look at their populations. We then select the neighbour with the most similar population to our node, and merge the two nodes into one district. Then we choose another   random node and follow the same process. We continue until there are ten distinct districts in the map. Choosing to make the districts based on their population was based on the idea that ‘rural’, or low population nodes should be together with other  ‘rural’ nodes, and nodes with higher populations should also be together with each other. To the right, we can see an example of a districted node map. The urban nodes have a black outline. Each colour represents a different district, and the letter on the node is the party which the whole district voted for. There are a couple of issues with my districting function. First, it does not ensure geographic integrity. You can see on the map that one of the dark purple nodes at the bottom is separated from all of the other purple nodes. This would not usually be allowed to happen in the real world. It is not guaranteed that the districts have a similar population size. This is also a vastly simplified map. There are no geographic issues like rivers, mountains or city boundaries. There is no consideration of race or other demographic (which might be an explanation for results that look like gerrymandering in the real world – if everyone in an area is white, middle class, and 18-25, that area is very likely to vote Democrat, no matter where you draw the boundaries). I ran this simulation 1000 times, and stored the number of times that party A would have won without districting, and how many times party A won given the districted model.  Over the course of 1000 trials, party A won 60% of the time by popular vote, but only 47% of the time using the districting map generated for that instance of the simulation. That means that party A didn’t get a majority in the House even half of the time when we used the districting model.  But, as we’ve already discovered, this is not the only metric to find if the district map has been gerrymandered. In order to work this out, we should analyse the model further and find measures like the efficiency gap and the difference between the expected wins and the actual wins for each party. This graph shows the average efficiency gap in the model over the course of 1000 simulations. We find that this method of districting results in quite large efficiency gaps. This means that this is not necessarily a fair method of districting the map.
 We can also look at the difference between actual and expected districts won. In the graph above, each bar represents one map, or one instance of the simulation. Negative values indicate that there were fewer districts won by party A than would be expected by their popular vote, whereas positive values indicate that party A won more seats than would be expected given their popular vote. From this, we can calculate the number of districts which would have to change their votes in order for the result to be representative of the popular vote. On average, when party A was underrepresented in the map, they lost out on 6 seats, and when party A was overrepresented, they gained 8 seats. Overall, on average, in order for the districted maps to lead to the same result as the population vote, party B would have to win three more seats in each map. In order to limit gerrymandering in the USA, the Supreme Court needs to decide on clear rules and metrics which inform us if a state has broken those rules. It has already been ruled unconstitutional to district a map based on race, or to fail to uphold 1 person 1 vote, but we should go a step further and declare that partisan redistricting is also a violation of voters’ rights. When a case is brought to the Supreme Court, I recommend that experts in mathematical modeling are consulted, and that several tests are carried out on the offending map.  The Supreme Court should endorse specific models, metrics and thresholds which will count as evidence in court. The best way to avoid gerrymandering is to have the district boundries drawn by a non-partisan, independent body. Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Montana, and Washington are currently the only states which employ an independent commission, and they have found that this has reduced the efficiency gap compared to when the lines were drawn by the politicians. In conclusion, gerrymandering is a significant threat to the running of a democratic country. There are several ways to find out if a map has been gerrymandered, and they all compliment each other. The Supreme Court needs to decide on a threshold for saying with enough certainty that a state has been gerrymandered, so that they can throw out unfair maps before elections, and limit the damage that a party can do during a term without the public mandate.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Geobiochemiphysics: Integrating Earth’s Systems course by Kayla Cohen, Minerva Class of 2019.  Kayla is a double-major student of Arts and Humanities and Natural Sciences. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  Fifty-two years ago, geologist J. Tuzo Wilson made a discovery that would change the way scientists understand oceans, continents, and landforms forever. His work is distilled in the theory of “Plate Tectonics” and it describes how Earth’s mantle is constantly in motion. In Wilson’s seminal essay “Did the Atlantic Close and then Reopen?” he observes that “regions of similar fauna are separated by the whole width of the Atlantic Ocean… [and]… dissimilar faunas lie adjacent to one another”, which he then suggests is due to the opening and closing of the Atlantic Ocean (Wilson, 1966, p.676). He substantiates his theory by breaking down the lifespan of the ocean basin into several stages that occur over approximately 500 million years. The “Wilson Cycle” entails the spreading of the ocean floor, subduction of the ocean crust, contraction of the continents back together, their eventual collision and the formation of fold mountains. Thus, Earth’s continents, though they seem stationary, are actually “moving at around the speed at which our fingernails grow”, embedded in and drifting with mobile tectonic plates (Heron, 2016). The influence of Plate Tectonic theory cannot be overstated. It gave way to all kinds of exciting new observations. Many mountain ranges were finally understood to have formed due to tectonic compression at convergent boundaries, dispelling Harold Jeffrey’s hypothesis once and for all that mountains were the wrinkles on Earth’s cooling and shrinking surface. Volcanoes, too, were newly appreciated as the result of subduction processes, whereby sinking ocean plates and subducted water reduce the mantle’s melting temperature and produce magma, eventually to erupt out of a volcano and onto the continental crust. However, despite Wilson’s emphasis on the cyclical nature of the spread and contraction of oceanic basins, scientists largely failed to consider the impact of continental collisions in the long-term. Perhaps they thought that the compressional force at convergent boundaries was so powerful that colliding plate boundaries became totally enmeshed and indistinguishable. Indeed, present day continental interiors resemble a mosaic of pieces that have been stitched together during collision events (Heron, Pysklywec & Stephenson, 2016). These pieces of heterogeneous crust may appear welded together and non-distinct when viewed from Earth’s surface, but underneath the upper crust there can exist deep “scarring left over from ancient collisions of continents” in the lower crust and mantle (Heron, 2016). In 2016, a team of Earth Scientists published a paper in ​Nature Communications ​, claiming that past continental collisions sometimes remain “quasi-plate boundaries” and continue to influence regional Earth surface processes and geologic activities (Heron, Pysklywec & Stephenson, 2016, p.1). They set up a series of thermo-mechanical finite-element experiments to compare strong mantle lithospheres (normal continental crust) with “weak zones” (associated with collisions and rock deformation). They found that “deep lithospheric anomalies can dominate shallow geological features in activating tectonics in plate interiors,” lending support to their titular hypothesis that “lasting mantle scars lead to perennial plate tectonics” (Heron, Pysklywec & Stephenson, 2016, p.1). Accordingly, they speculate as to whether these latent plate boundaries are responsible for intraplate earthquakes that continue to mystify geologists. Intraplate earthquakes frequently take place at New Madrid Seismic Zone (NMSZ) in the southern and midwestern United States. Between the years 2000 and 2011, over 300 minor earthquakes rumbled the region (Missouri Department of Natural Resources, n.d.). Far from a spreading ridge or subduction zone, this geologic activity might have confused scientists had it not been for the Mantle Scar Hypothesis discussed above. New Madrid overlies an ancient divergent boundary that developed 500-750 million years ago during the splitting apart of supercontinent Rodinia. However, the rift failed to produce a new oceanic plate, instead stretching, thinning, and severely weakening the continental crust above. Although the Earth Scientists were focused on ancient convergent boundaries, I believe that the weak zones at bygone divergent boundaries undergo similar dynamics. Indeed, intraplate earthquakes occur at both failed rift zones and ancient collision zones. I want to study the relationship between a region’s tectonic history and its present-day intraplate earthquakes. I hypothesise that earthquake depth is related to the crustal thickness of the region such that ancient collision sites have thicker crusts and thus deeper earthquakes. Accordingly, I anticipate shallow earthquakes at failed rift zones where the crust is thinner.     Figure 1: Crustal Thickening and Isostatic Rebound at Convergent Boundaries. This diagram shows that 1) the continental crust is not dense enough to subduct and the mountain is supported by “roots” that project into the mantle, increasing the crust’s overall thickness. 2) The mountain erodes and rocks are transported to surrounding areas, causing the roots to “uplift” in an act of isostatic rebound. Thus, crustal thickness decreases overtime. This diagram is based on a powerpoint published with Oxford University Press, at ​https://cpb-us-w2.wpmucdn.com/u.osu.edu. Figure 2: Crustal Thinning at Divergent Boundaries. 1) This diagram shows that, overtime, upwelling in the asthenosphere leads to stretching and thinning of the overlying continental crust. 2) At successful divergent boundaries, rising magma flows through the lithospheric mantle and produces a new ocean crust, thinning the overlying continental plate until it breaks apart. At failed rifts, the continental crust fails to break apart, but has thinned significantly. This diagram is based on a powerpoint published with Oxford University Press, at https://cpb-us-w2.wpmucdn.com/u.osu.edu ​. I propose an exploratory study that gathers key information about New Madrid and the Pyrenees mountain range. Both regions lie above mantle scars and experience intraplate earthquakes due to weaknesses in the underlying mantle and lower crust. However, the nature of their weak zones is different due to their varying geologic histories. New Madrid overlies a failed divergent boundary while the Pyrenees formed at a convergent boundary during the European Plate-Iberia collision of 55-25 million years ago. The respective underground “landscapes” beneath these regions mean that they respond differently to localised strain patterns. It would therefore be useful to conduct a strength profile analysis on both types of regions – ancient collision zones and failed rifts – to better understand the implications of tectonic history on present-day earthquake activity. I propose measuring crustal composition, confining pressure, temperature, strain rate, and fluid content. These aspects affect the strength of the lower crust and mantle, in which pseudo subductions and fault reactivation occur. Composition refers to rock-types within the crust, their plasticity and rheology. Confining pressure refers to the compressional force acting on or around fault lines, and increases with depth. According to an article published by University of California, Berkeley, “ ​confining pressure in the Earth increases approximately by 26 MPa/km in the crust and by 35 MPa/km in the mantle” due to the higher temperature and pressure within the mantle, which is closer to Earth’s core and buried beneath the continental crust (“Strength and Deformation of the Earth’s Lithosphere”, 2017). Temperature varies with crust thickness such that the thinner the crust the higher the temperature (“Strength and Deformation of the Earth’s Lithosphere”, 2017). Th ​e strain rate refers to how the crust and mantle respond to pressure, and how that response varies with depth, extent of compressive force, and the velocity at which it is applied. The relationship between rock strength and strain rate is nonlinear and “at confinements below 20 MPa, the strength of the material increases faster at the higher strain rate, but at confinements higher than this, the effect… is stronger at the lower strain rate” (Hokka, et al. 2016). Finally, fluid content considers the amount of water within the crust, since water weakens rocks through diffusive processes. In order to determine the strength profiles of New Madrid and Pyrenees crusts, I suggest deep drilling to discover the water content, strain rate, and distribution of rock-types. Reflection seismology could be used to investigate the structure of the crust and the confining pressure acting upon it. I would then use the well-established geothermal gradient to determine the relative temperatures of the regions. Defining the strength of the crust at New Madrid and Pyrenees sites would help us to better understand the cause of intraplate earthquakes and how tectonic history affects earthquake depth in complex ways. I examine the magnitude and depth of the last twenty earthquakes to strike New Madrid and the Pyrenees respectively. I anticipated that earthquake depth would be greater at the Pyrenees’s ancient convergent boundary due to its thick crust, than at New Madrid’s failed rift where the crust is thin. By mapping magnitude as a function of depth, I could roughly discern whether the size of an earthquake will be affected by the depth of its focal point, such that greater depth leads to bigger earthquakes. I found a greater variance of earthquake depths at the Pyrenees, ranging from 2-25 kms. New Madrid earthquakes were more consistent, occurring at depths between 1.6-7.2 kms. The average magnitude of Pyrenees earthquakes was more than tenfold the average strength of New Madrid earthquakes, at 3.65 and 2.405 respectively (accounting for the logarithmic scale of Richter magnitudes). More than half of the Pyrenees earthquakes scaled between 4 and 5 in magnitude, in contrast to the “minor” earthquakes of New Madrid. Figure 3: ​Pyrenees versus New Madrid. ​This scatterplot compiles data on the magnitude and depth of the twenty most recent earthquakes to have occured in these regions. The graph plots magnitude as a function of depth. The Pyrenees earthquakes are marked by orange triangles and the New Madrid earthquakes are displayed as green squares. My datasets for New Madrid and Pyrenees earthquakes were found at ​http://folkworm.ceri.memphis.edu and www.earthquaketrack.com ​ respectively. Figure 4: Table of averages. This table compares the average depth, as well as the average magnitude, of earthquakes occurring in the Pyrenees mountain ranges versus those in New Madrid. The results are based off of the same data as the scatterplot above. Although my sample size is too small to draw founded conclusions, my preliminary data analysis corroborates my expected results and lends support to my hypothesis. The fact that, on average, earthquakes occur at greater depths and magnitudes at the Pyrenees mountain range than in New Madrid suggests the significance of crustal thickness. On the most basic level, if the crust is thicker, it extends deeper, and there are more opportunities for weak zones to form or an ancient fault line to reactivate at greater depths. Interestingly, the twenty most recent earthquakes at New Madrid all occurred between April 12-17th, 2018, whereas earthquakes in the Pyrenees happen much less frequently, spanning March 10th, 2017 to December 2nd, 2008. This is likely due to differences in strain rate sensitivity and confining pressure across the regions. It is also possible that temperature plays an important role. In 2008, a group of Spanish scientists found that “ ​the probability of earthquakes is significantly lower in areas of higher crust temperature” (“Earth’s temperature linked to earthquakes”, 2008). This begs the question: is the relative frequency of earthquakes in these regions due to their difference in crust temperature? ​While one might suppose a thinner crust is associated with higher temperatures due to its proximity to the mantle, it may be that the thicker the crust, the higher its temperature due to increased pressure. Thus, we would expect New Madrid to be cooler than the Pyrenees, and therefore more prone to earthquakes. Indeed, in 2007, researchers modelling the heat-flow of New Madrid found “no compelling case for assuming that the New Madrid seismic zone is significantly hotter and weaker than its surroundings” (McKenna, Stein & Stein, 2007, p.168). Furthermore, in 1990 the Pyrenean  Variscan crust was described as “under high-temperature metamorphic conditions”, which further corroborates my burgeoning temperature-based hypothesis (Blanquat, Lardeaux, & Brunel, 1990, p.259). However, the Spanish scientists’ claim is contested, and so I pose this explanation only tentatively.  An alternative hypothesis explaining my results might entail rock compositions and how they are distinct across regions. The presence of mineral “talc” would be significant, for example, because of its “very low shear strength in the temperature range 100–400 ​°C ​” (Moore & Rymer, 2007, p.797). Scientists Diane Moore and Michael Rymer explain that “for a given mineral to control the behaviour of the creeping section, it must be very weak as well as characterized by stable shear” and thus Talc-content is a good indicator of a region’s weakness and susceptibility (Moore & Rymer, 2007, p.796). They found an association between “serpentine” and talc such that “talc… forms along the foliation in sheared serpentinite grains… [and] replaces serpentine minerals along the vein walls” (Moore & Rymer, 2007, p.796). Thus, the presence of serpentine would suggest weakness by association. Another insightful detail to measure is grain-size. Scientists have discovered very fine grained minerals called “mylonite” at many plate boundaries (Wendel, 2015). They argue that the swelling of mineral grains “forces the grains into smaller and smaller sizes” and creates weak zones (Wendel, 2015). They argue that bands of mylonite were responsible for the initial breaking up of Earth’s surface into various plates. While, mylonite has been found at the Pyrenean Variscan crust, it is unclear whether mylonite is present within failed rift crusts (Blanquat, Lardeaux, & Brunel, 1990). Thus, my proposal to drill into New Madrid and the Pyrenees could provide a range of answers to longstanding questions about rock compositions and their embedded minerals. Certainly, if we observed a significant difference between grain-size, mylonite-content, and talc-content across the regions, we could speculate as to how the different tectonic histories of divergent and convergent boundaries have led to distinct rock compositions that in turn affect earthquake depth and magnitude. My proposal would advance the discovery of features at ancient convergent and divergent boundaries most relevant to understanding why intraplate earthquakes occur along their perennial faults. Earthquakes are dangerous, especially intraplate ones, where people are often less suspecting. By studying mantle weaknesses, and how they differ in strength profiles among sites with various tectonic histories, we can better predict which kinds of earthquakes will take place where and prepare local communities accordingly. My preliminary results indicate a relationship between earthquake depth and magnitude. Thus, my proposal has an ethical component – by comparing the crusts of convergent versus failed rift zones scientists could better predict where intraplate earthquakes are likely to cause most damage and perhaps even save lives.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Cognitive Neuroscience course, by Alex Sanchez, Minerva Class of 2020.  To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  Increasingly the way mental illness is diagnosed and treated in the Western world is skewing towards pathologization, which can have the potential of creating more of a social separation between those who are perceived as typical and those who are perceived as disordered. To address this issue, I propose a two-pronged experimental study focusing on reconceptualizing diagnosis through an inclusive and dimensional classification system and reforming treatment to address underlying social stigma, and hypothesize that such changes in current standards lead to improved patient outcomes. A brief history of mental illness diagnosis and treatment is necessary to understand its modern pitfalls. For hundreds of years, mental illness was explained through supernatural or religious causes like demonic possession, resulting in primitive treatment practices such as trepanning. It wasn’t until the 20th century with the rise of psychodynamics and behaviorism that mental disorders began to be viewed as unique disease entities. This concept was further solidified with the introduction of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) in 1952, sparked by a need for a categorization of disorders of veterans from WWII in order to treat them more effectively (Jutras, 2017). It is important to note then that the way that we conceptualize mental disorders today is rooted not primarily out of scientific discovery but out of ​necessity ​. This set the stage for the beginning of criticisms of the DSM and diagnosis that question diagnostic validity that might occur at the expense of practicality and streamlined use. A famous experiment that sought to address this reliability was the Rosenhan experiment, published in 1973 under the title ​On Being Sane in Insane Places ​(Rosenhan, 1973). David Rosenhan sent a group of “pseudopatients” to different psychiatric hospitals around the country under the instructions that they were to feign auditory hallucinations. They were all admitted and diagnosed with psychiatric disorders, but afterwards they acted normally and told staff they felt fine. However, they were all forced to admit to having a mental illness and were forced to take antipsychotic drugs if they wanted to be released. Almost all were diagnosed with schizophrenia in remission before release, at an average stay time of 19 days. After the experiment was made public, an offended psychiatric asylum staff challenged Rosenhan to send pseudopatients to its facility, and 41 out of 250 new patients were identified by the asylum as potential pseudopatients in the following weeks. In actuality, Rosenhan hadn’t sent any pseudopatients at all. This led Rosenhan to conclude that “any diagnostic process that lends itself too readily to massive errors of this sort cannot be a very reliable one … it is clear that we cannot distinguish the sane from the insane in psychiatric hospitals” (Rosenhan, 1973, pg. 257). Although critics argued that a psychiatric diagnosis relies largely on patient reports and that faking symptoms no more highlights problems with psychiatric diagnosis than lying about other medical symptoms, nonetheless the study highlighted the danger of labeling and dehumanization in psychiatric facilities. It also accelerated the movement of deinstitutionalization that started in the latter 20th century with the goal of discharging patients from mental hospitals. The movement itself was sparked by the rise of antipsychotic drugs and the possibility for reduced medical expenses from more home-based care instead of running psychiatric facilities. Deinstitution was an incredibly large scale social experiment, as represented by the graph below which represents its onset in the 1950s with the introduction of the first antipsychotic drugs (“Deinstitutionalization – Special Reports, 2018). (“Deinstitutionalization – Special Reports, 2018) The movement sparked community-based mental healthcare in place of institutionalized care, through the creation of community health centers and smaller supervised residential homes for the mentally ill. Deinstitutionalization and community care initiatives led to improvements of patient satisfaction, friendships, and adaptive behaviors, but it also led to deficits in vaccine screenings and medical checks. Additionally, many patients under community care initiatives reported poverty, poor physical health and loneliness. In general, the deinstitutionalization movement was mostly beneficial for Americans with moderate disabilities but was far less successful for those with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) (Pollack, 2013). However, deinstitutionalization didn’t only affect patients. The rapid migration of patients from psychiatric facilities to their homes often placed immense stress and burden on caregivers who lacked the resources and medical knowledge to provide proper care, which also negatively affected the mentally ill patients in turn. These outcomes highlight the mixed results of a movement that although sound in theory, in practice led to mixed results (“Deinstitutionalization – Special Reports, 2018). The way mental illness is diagnosed and treated today in the Western world follows the path of categorical diagnosis, medical/psychodynamic interventions, and community based care that was established throughout the 20th century. As mental illness is further solidified within standards of classification and treatment through emerging research, it seems like the issue is being tackled in a consistently productive way, despite some drawbacks. However, there are underlying assumptions related to mental illness that are mostly unquestioned and deserve better scrutiny. For one part, critics of the DSM argue that there is danger in representing mental illness through a categorical classification system that differentiates disorders based not on degree but in kind. Known as threshold psychiatry or dichotomous classification, this creates single cut-offs that separate the abnormal from the normal, even though health is more realistically reflected by a continuum. As a result, lack of one symptom can lead to a change in diagnosis from present to absent and can leave a large proportion of people with symptoms that do not reach the threshold undiagnosed and untreated, even if they suffer from impairment. This classification system can also lead to a divide that justifies unequal treatment and poorer living standards for a powerless group assumed to be disabled, crazy or violent in the eyes of an empowered group assumed to be healthy, normal and capable (Craddock, 2007). Perhaps most importantly, this categorization system can lead not only to stigma towards the mentally ill but also self-fulfilling prophecies where self-identity and behavior of a patient might be influenced by the terms to classify them. Certain expectations are implicitly placed on these individuals and over tie they might change their behaviors to fulfill them. This is the viewpoint of modified labeling theory, which posits that such expectations can cause patients to withdraw from society. Those labeled as disordered are constantly rejected by society is apparently minor ways, but those actions add up and can drastically alter ​self ​-labels, damaging their quality of life and exacerbating present symptoms. Hence the self-fulfilling prophecy (Maisel, 2011). In the views of others, these exacerbated symptoms only serve to reinforce negative preconceptions of mental illness, creating a vicious cycle of diagnosis, stigma and self-labeling. This reinforcing system, coupled with all of the setbacks of diagnosis and treatment previously mentioned, has contributed to a mental illness crisis that seems to be largely unquestioned and unnoticed today. Below is a gif of the simulation I created of this system. Click ​here to access an interactive version (use Safari instead of Chrome, the simulation runs better there).  “Labeling” represents the current way mental illness is diagnosed, based on a system that labels disorders categorically. Labeling leads to “Differences” between those considered normal and those considered abnormal or disordered. This has the potential positive effect of matching a patient to a more effective and appropriate treatment, but it can also lead to inappropriate treatment if individual differences are not taken into account beyond just the diagnostic criteria. Additionally, this way of categorizing differences could lead to societal stigma previously mentioned. This results in the self-fulfilling prophecy and feedback loop between stigma, self-labeling, and differences, where the effects of self-labeling reinforce the normal/abnormal dichotomy. Self-labeling can also exacerbate symptoms, and treatment for these symptoms is often ineffective because it isn’t addressing the underlying stigma as a causal factor. Based on this complex system and on the negative effects of mental illness diagnosis/treatment mentioned previously, I propose an updated paradigm which can be accessed ​here. Below is a gif of the simulation:  It is clear that this proposal is more of an ideal rather than a practical experiment that can be easily tested. However, it is vital that the current mental health crisis is first viewed from a broad perspective in order to understand what the end goal should be. Once the intended society-wide outcomes and the nodes within the system that are susceptible to positive change are made clear, then one can move forward and think about ways to test and measure the outcomes of each of the interventions. Although this visualization might make the issue of mental health seem too daunting and complex, it is through this very complexity that there is hope, for it allows for change through multiple avenues that all contribute to the increased livelihood of those who need it most.
 This story is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was created for Minerva’s Global History course by Liberty Pim, Minerva Class of 2020. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  A podcast investigating the hidden history, and atrocities of Hyderabad, India. Liberty Pim takes the listener on an investigative story to find out what actually happened in Hyderabad in 1948 and why has the true history been hushed away for so long.
 At Minerva, students are all about promoting the quality and quantity of sexual interactions. As our two senior-most classes part ways, one interclass couple, Jake Schaeffer and Kate Gilbert, have put together a guide to commemorate the collision of 2019 and 2020.  We now proudly introduce the first chapter of the Minerva Kamasutra. We wouldn’t be staying true to our roots if we didn’t start off with a sex position for each global rotation city. Here we go! Just strap on a civic partner and swing! If you need some extra help with momentum, place your partner on your trusty penny board.  “No ham”  Eat a döner while maintaining eye contact with the döner vendor.  Empanada cheese is your lube. Use the jamon, queso, y anana empanada for a sweet surprise. Bon appetit.  Hot box your bedroom pre-doggy-style, put on your favorite Sounds of Rush Hour playlist, and pretend the smoke in your room is only from marijuana and not smog or pollution.  You don’t need to be a Python master to run code good enough to make you cum. Anyone who attends Minerva can master these positions.  Get in, get out. Find your group member(s) and get the job done before the ALF takes you back to the rest of your classmates with your pants down and genitals on the mainstage.  Use your partner’s back as a stand for your laptop and take them from behind! If you really want to take this one to the next level, add a balance board.  Roiman? Michelle? Brian? The fun is in not knowing which tech support intern is going to be on the other side.    The freedom Minerva students have to form failed MiCos and excessive Facebook groups is always transferable to the bedroom. You too can add any of these positions to your resume and sexual CV. To correctly execute BD(ASM), role play as if you were actually telling your partner what to do, but really just turn over to your side of the bed and jack yourself off while writing disillusioned emails.  Wake up your partner at an ungodly time in the early morning. Bounce away on their lap during their wall sits and perform naked acro-yoga.  Your peers were admitted to Minerva for a special reason. So special, the admissions team won’t reveal their formula. However, some may have fallen through the cracks of Minerva’s extraordinary standard. Literal brain to body connection can be necessary to sharpen some of the duller tools in the Minerva shed. Go ahead and sit on your partner’s face. 
 I grew up between Taipei and Los Angeles. Between attending an international school and having parents with itchy feet, I travelled a lot. Suffice it to say, I feel that I have become quite good at navigating the airport.  Coming to Minerva has only increased my experience with relocating, and this time learning how to carry my whole life with me. I have replaced the small suitcase and mostly empty backpack from my high school days with a huge duffel and a hiking bag.  The key to hacking your way through an airport is intentionality. Everything you do must have a reason, if you know why you are waiting, that is fine, otherwise you end up a sucker waiting in line wondering why you are standing with all your luggage worried about being late. There are seven things I have personally paid attention to and I think you should too. Option 1: Pricey, but long-term gain This question begs another question. Are you really super strapped for money or not? Accruing mileage can be quite rewarding and can make travel much more comfortable despite flights being more expensive. (If you are not this person and are strapped for money go to the next paragraph). By this I mean flying an airline that provides much better service for longer flights. This tends to be just 10-20% more expensive. If you can afford this, stick to an airline and ball out on the miles you will earn at Minerva. “Oh! But what if Air ____ doesn’t fly here”. Good question. I would recommended looking at airlines that are in a mileage group such as Star Alliance or One World. Do a little research as to which you would like.  Option 2: Affordable There are always cheap flights. Really sketchy, don’t-know-your-seat-till-you-get-to-the-gate type of flights. Secret flying, Priceline, Momondo are your best friends. For this I would recommend always getting insurance because your ticket will not be very secure and thus if it is cancelled you don’t lose all your money.  When travelling with Minerva I would recommend wearing the most heavy, space-occupying clothes you have while flying. This way you have more space in the plane and you can also rock a Macklemore look on the tropical airlines (#extraordinary).  If you somehow have space, remember intentionality. Personally I like sweats because there’s no belt and I have pockets. Furthermore I wear long socks in case my feet get cold, etc. Think about your own needs. Remember security can be a bitch, so avoid metal attire. This is free storage, for all the scrooges out there, this is where you walk the borderline of what is allowed, in order to maximize what you can bring to wherever it is you are going. One trick is to use other little bags or duty free bags to increase your carrying capacity. Don’t overdo it with a huge backpack which you may be forced to check-in.  I really only have two things to say about this. Use something unique that no one else will mistake for at baggage claim. And at Minerva you won’t have a lot of space so a big chunky Rimowa is not smart. I use a duffel that I can collapse and store wherever I stay (downside being I have to carry it #nowheels).  Research has shown that people, generally right-handed, tend to favor lines on the right thus you should go left (Frost would be proud, and so would your patience). Furthermore, it is statistically faster to go to the farthest most lines on the edges. This being said, it is still wise to use some common sense. If I see a stroller or people with a lot of random stuff, I tend not to go in those lines. Businesspersons are swift and usually carry lightweight luggage due to their travel fatigue. Use your intuition.  You’ll always want to speed up the process by checking in the day before and, prior to your departure, check for possible delays. I would recommend taking Red-Eye flights (board super late and arrive early in the morning). These are oftentimes cheaper and less crowded. When it comes to boarding, there is absolutely no need to rush the line, get in the line when your zone is called or even towards the end. The only reason you would rush is if you have a lot of carry-on. In that case, rush as early as you can. You may have to stand for a while but the leg room you gain will be worth it. Sit closer to the wing and away from the head and tail if you don’t like turbulence (and try not to fly in the afternoons, which usually equates to more turbulence).  These are my two cents. Go out there, try them out, and make your own hacks that work just for you! Good luck. 
 In the US, leaving for university, for many, also signals the first time they will be leaving home for an extended period of time. Living far away from family and friends unavoidably changes the relationships we have with the people who have always been at arm’s length.  Whether it comes into your mind months before leaving home or weeks after you’ve moved into your new room in the residence hall, keeping in touch with everyone back home isn’t always as easy or as obvious as we expect it to be.  The following are some things to think about as you prepare for university.  Making the effort Keeping in touch with your family will require significantly less effort than keeping in touch with your friends. Even if you forget to call your mom for a week, she won’t forget to call you.  Relationships are fluid, and your relationships with people back home are likely to change when you are no longer seeing each other on a regular basis. Not every friendship survives a lengthy separation, and that’s okay.  Maintaining friendships at a distance requires more active effort than doing so when you are seeing those people at school, extracurricular activities, etc. It is a good idea to set reminders in your calendar or have a plan to reach out to a number of friends on a regular basis so that even when work picks up at school, you won’t wake up one day and realize it has been months since you spoke to your friends back home.  Know what’s going on Read local news or listen to the local radio so you know what’s going on back home, be it a heat wave or a butter shortage (Canada, December 2015), it’s good to know what’s happening back home.  Know the time difference. Put a second clock on your phone if possible. It will be easier to keep in touch if you know what time it is at home, and when your family and friends are likely to be awake/free.  Find a way to participate in the things that matter Being away from home for holidays, graduations, etc. can be difficult. Find a way to still be part of the special moments and traditions of your family. We are lucky enough to live in an age where we are never more than a Skype call away from being able to see what is happening on the other side of the world.  Make plans before you get home Let your family and friends know when you are getting home well in advance and make plans with them ahead of time so you know that you will see everyone you want to and won’t be scrambling to arrange times once you arrive. Knowing who you are seeing and  when will relieve the pressure of needing to find a time to see everyone once you get home and you can just enjoy spending time with the people who matter.  Means of communication Family WhatsApp groups are a lifesaver. Make a group message with your parents and siblings that can be used for little updates and check-ins such as letting them know your flight has landed, you arrived safely at the residence hall, photos of what your life is like, and so on.  WhatsApp, Messenger, Line, Kakao, Viber, and WeChat are all great options for keeping in touch with family and friends back home. The most useful messaging apps will be the ones that allow you to have group chats, and make phone and video calls through them.  Blogs, emails, and newsletters can be easy ways to let your family and friends know what is going on without taking the time to message each person individually. Putting together a regular update of your life that you can send out to your friends and family can be a low effort way of keeping in touch.  Don’t undervalue the power of snail mail. Have a snack you’re really missing from home? See a cute knick-knack a friend would love? Ask you friends and family to mail you the things you’re really missing from home and send them little things that remind you of them. It’s amazing how much closer to home you can feel holding a bag of chips from your country.  Teach your grandma to Skype Though we have grown up in the digital age, our grandparents did not. Before you leave home, teach them how to Skype. If they have a smartphone, download your preferred messaging app and show them how to use it so you will be able to keep in touch with them while you’re away.  Know when you need to come home If by April you find yourself missing your family and friends, and wanting to spend time with them, don’t feel pressured to take a job in another city that will put you far from them for the summer just because it sounds better on paper.  Especially after the first year of university, getting a job somewhere that allows you to live at home and see your family and friends regularly can have a lot of benefits (not paying rent being the tip of the iceberg). 
 Every four months, Minerva students face the perennial challenge of rounding up all their belongings and praying that their suitcases fit the infamous 23 kilogram airline cutoff for checked baggage.  If there’s one thing Minervans have rather painfully learned from their odyssey around the world, it’s how to pack light and travel minimalistically.  Read on to learn some useful tips about how you too can eschew a good portion of your not-actually-necessary material possessions and avoid stressing over overweight luggage fees. Unless of course, you want to find yourself in the unfortunate predicament of putting on every single one of your shirts and sweaters in front of airline check-in staff, as I may or may not have had to do. It’s just not worth it to bring that second HDMI cable, or that 15th pair of socks, or that third power converter. You can always buy one if you need it in the city you’re in, and most Minerva residences have easy access to laundry. The one exception is in packing any medications or prescriptions you may need, as this is one thing you don’t want to worry about. Are you really going to use that video game console when you’re busy exploring cities and writing papers? Do you really need to bring those Christmas decorations with you when you can probably get them in the city you’re in? Do a cost-benefit analysis about how frequently you’ll use things you bring, how much they weigh, and how expensive they were, to help guide you towards whether you should take it with you, buy a new one in each city, or let go of it entirely. Clothing always ends up comprising at least two-thirds of the weight of your luggage; you should be ruthless in cutting down what you bring as much as possible. Maybe you’re used to not doing your own laundry or doing it infrequently, but getting into the habit of doing it every 7 to 10 days will liberate you from needing to bring too much stuff. It’s also easy to feel you need to bring different clothes for every possible eventuality, from looking good in professional settings to going out to clubs to hiking, and for different seasons. Yet, it’s more possible than you may realize to combine these functions.  For example, I have this pair of leather shoes which look both professional and sporty, serving me well for a multitude of situations and saving me that extra pair of heavy shoes.  You should also aim to combine clothes for multiple climates, particularly when you’re packing for your second, third, and fourth years where you’ll likely have to prepare for three to four different seasons in one suitcase. The best rule of thumb is to focus on layering; don’t bring any heavy winter coats. Instead, opt for thinner layers that can work well in summer and fall, but be combined when necessary in winter. A good example is Uniqlo’s Heattech clothing, which is compact but can be just as warm as any winter coat when layered; you can find Uniqlo in every Minerva city except Buenos Aires and Hyderabad. Yes, this will add a quarter of a kilogram to your baggage, but a lightweight and affordable luggage scale like this one will be a useful way to continuously force you to think about further reducing your luggage. Wherever possible, avoid taking paper and other heavy items with you that can be digitized. Take pictures of brochures and documents (except important ones like visa documents), invest in an e-reader or tablet so you can keep your books on one lightweight device, buy notebooks when you get to your next city rather than bringing them with you, and think twice about whether you really need to take that poster with you. Yes, I still prefer reading a real book, but it’s a luxury I just can’t afford to put in my luggage as a Minerva student. Not to mention that an e-reader will come in handy when you get tired of doing all your pre-class readings on your glare-y laptop screen. You can also stop carrying around your portable hard drive, because your Minerva Google account has unlimited storage on Google Photos and Google Drive — which Minerva has confirmed you get to keep after graduation — so you can move all of your digital files from that bulky external hard drive to the cloud. If you trust it, of course. Further reading: This article from the New York Times has some useful tips.
 Steven Steel (M’21) touched down in Seoul, South Korea a few weeks ago along with his classmates in the class of 2021. Watch as Linnea learns Hangul, Steven runs up a mountain, and learn some South Korean fun facts and history along the way! Watch out Ben Chen – you’re up next!
 The class of 2022’s first vlog, brought to you by Hanaka Saito and Idriss Bennis, is out! Watch their foundation week as it unfolds – from classic locations like Corona Heights (a favorite for those living in 1412) to the common late-night Bob’s Donuts line. If you’re in a class before 2020, get ready for nostalgia!
 Meet the members of the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlog team that are joining Ben Chen to follow Minerva students across each city. One video will be released every week starting this week with the newest class of 2022! Subscribe to our Youtube channel to stay up to date! Here are the members: M22: Hanaka Saito & Idriss Bennis M21: Steven Tey M20: Ben Chen M19: Kah Yee Chiang
 Watch the final Cross Class Vlog from Ben Chen from this summer (don’t worry – he will continue them throughout the year along with students in each class). This time we see how Minerva students are preparing for the year, how some people flirt in the Arctic, and how Kroner fails at dating… again. Watch to the end to hear an important message from the Quest regarding M’22 applications which are out now: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScCgMmU07uVQMUBN2I15uYPx2xuFtDMzIZScHhyC0qhHwcRDQ/viewform?usp=sf_link
 Watch the final summer Cross Class vlog from Ben Chen as he preps for the semester, leaves Japan (and China), as well as more of Kroner’s dating (or lack thereof) life, and other Minervan’s experiences as summer comes to a close and the new semester draws nearer.
 Follow Ben Chen (2020) and other Minerva students in their summer adventures through his cross class vlog. This week, Minervans from cities around the world share a “Must See” where they are, Ben Chen is no longer in Tokyo, and Kroner’s dating life is steadily in decline. 
 The second vlog in Ben Chen’s summer edition, covering the life and times of Minervans over the summer holiday.
 The first vlog in Ben Chen’s summer edition, covering the life and times of Minervans over the summer holiday.
 And that’s a wrap on the year! Take a look into the lives of Minerva’s classes of 2019 and 2020 in their last few weeks together in Hyderabad through the lens of M2020 student Ben Chen. Features:
⁃ Something In Between: a student run performance on Gender
⁃ Last day of classes + celebration
⁃ The Capellas: Minerva’s unofficial acapella group
⁃ Suffering (aka. Finals)
⁃ Symposium + Continuum
⁃ Move out 😞
Thanks for the memories everyone, and have a great summer! See you in the fall! *** Check back here for the Minerva Quest’s cross-class vlogs. We show members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 Hey! This past Friday was Holi here; the festival of colors. So we celebrated all day with color, dancing, and of course food! It was an incredible day and I hope those of you who celebrated Holi in SF also had a great time 🙂 ~Kroner *** Check back in here weekly for the Minerva Quest’s weekly cross-class vlogs, led by Kroner, in the class of 2020. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 Hey 2021! We had our welcome feast in Hyderabad a few weeks back. It was an incredible night filled with music and dance and delicious food – at least for those of us who could handle spice 😉 To many more feasts and the rest of the semester! ~ Kroner, 2020 *** Check back in here weekly for the Minerva Quest’s weekly cross-class vlogs, led by Kroner, in the class of 2020. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 Hey 2021! Sorry about the delayed reintroduction of the vlog for the second semester. This episode is an amalgamation of different students’ winter breaks – from Cape Town to KL. I’m going to try to get one vlog out per week for the rest of the semester (and who knows – maybe if I get a legit job this summer I’ll vlog that as well!), so I hope you’ll follow along. Enjoy! ~ Kroner Correction: Humpi, India is spelled Hampi. *** Check back in here weekly for the Minerva Quest’s weekly cross-class vlogs, led by Kroner, in the class of 2020. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 A Market, A Wiggling Octopus, and Some Fermented Crab Juices A few weeks back (when it was still warm) I went to Gwangjang market (about an hour north of where we’re staying in Gangnam) with Nadav Wachs (Class of 2020) and Ben Imadali (Class of 2019). It is one of the oldest traditional markets in Seoul and they have some great food if you’re adventurous enough to try it! – Kroner, Class of 2020 Note: chew your octopus well lest you want it sticking its tentacles to the back of your throat. *** Check back in here weekly for the Minerva Quest’s cross-class vlogs, led by Kroner, in the class of 2020, and Anna Graves in the class of 2021. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students.
 Welcome to this first edition of the Quest’s new weekly cross-class vlog series to connect Minerva’s Classes of 2019 and 2020 (both in Seoul, South Korea), and 2021 (in San Francisco). Read the intro to the vlog here. We just wrapped up our Friendsgiving break and I took a video of the festivities that got the break started. I was personally missing pumpkin pie and thanksgiving, so it was great to gather together (something we don’t get to do a lot over here) and celebrate the break and being here as a community. We hope you had a great time over there in SF! – Kroner, Minerva Class of 2020
 Hello, classes of 2021, 2020 and 2019 (currently spending the year together in Seoul and Hyderabad), and the rest of the Minerva Quest readership! Welcome to the new weekly cross-class Vlogs, led by me, Kroner, in 2020, and Anna Graves in 2021. We will be showing members of the other cohort(s) what’s going on in our cities, who’s who in our classes, and generally what’s up at Minerva for students. Check back in through the University page, our Facebook page, our YouTube Channel, and The Morning to stay up to date with weekly Vlogs from students across the Minerva cities!
 And we’re back to good old Ben Chen! Back home in Canada for this week, Ben has stories from the past month in Berlin: From Izzy’s superior knowledge of beer and… beer to nice Canadian squirrels, follow Ben Chen & Friends around as they explore the city more!
 Follow Steven’s journey in South Korea along with his classmates from the class of 2021. Watch as they go cafe-hopping, try the world’s third spiciest sauce (6 million Scoville units) and get turned into zombies on the train to Busan! Up next: Berlin + Ben Chen!
 Hanaka and Idriss (2022) take you along with M’22 as they continue to settle into their first year at Minerva – from prototyping weekend to time management skills (or lack thereof), and (possibly) another moment of donut nostalgia! Stay tuned for the much-anticipated vlog from Steven next week!
 Kah Yee Chiang (2019) takes viewers of the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlog this week around London as the inaugural class of Minerva settles into their final rotation city outside of San Francisco. Get a sneak peek into Corey’s doorless apartments, hear Sadie’s real thoughts on London, and witness Kah Yee’s inability to say the word “word”.
 Watch Ben Chen’s follow up to Steven Steel’s Seoul Vlog last week. This week, we follow Ben Chen and other 2020 students through elevation, exploration day, and more! Subscribe to get YouTube updates and watch out for Kah Yee’s 2019 vlog next week!
 The Cross-Class Vlog from London is out here! Keep up with Kah Yee (who has finally introduced herself) as she goes from London to Macedonia, learns from Namrata that Minerva students know how to think (what?!), and hears Natalie’s thoughts on Capstone whether she wants to or not. As always, subscribe on the youtube channel https://bit.ly/2AN4kJu
 Idriss and Hanaka are back! Follow them from a Mexican 10:01 spanning an entire week, to Merlin’s clear programming skills, and Idriss’ hand eating lessons with Hanaka. Also this week is an announcement from The Minerva Quest: We are launching a collection of series with the title, “Let’s Talk: ______,” starting with “Let’s Talk: #MeToo.” We will be collecting stories, articles, opinions, art pieces related to sexual harassment and assault and want to hear your voice. These can be a personal story, an idea on how to move forward from this point in #MeToo, or even arguments for or against the movement and its underlying subject matter. If you have questions, email Kroner at [email protected]. Stay tuned for the articles we have in the pipeline and remember to submit your pieces! Links for submission: Non-anonymous article submission: https://goo.gl/forms/3Ez0h21RkAdLsJgK2 Submit an anonymous piece: https://goo.gl/forms/Rkg8VkI8T27L2wBq1 Reasons for rejected/removed pieces: https://bit.ly/2Dd8jEF Contest a rejection written here: https://goo.gl/forms/4FaSwqdSqyyn82IM2 Have a piece taken down or out of submission: https://goo.gl/forms/aAPwuwJYGEE2jWUD2
 Since arriving in SF, one topic permeates discussions – homelessness. From swapping stories of close calls to commiserating about feeling useless, Minervans continually talk about homelessness. Even still, an invisible wall separates those living on Market Street and those living on Market Street. How might we deconstruct such a barrier? Perhaps an appropriate place to start would be to see the pile of blankets against the doorway for the person under rather than the grime on top – at least, that’s what an M2022 MiCo decided to do. The AmongUs MiCo leaders packed sack lunches, gave some conversation topics, and sent students out to talk with people on the streets. From these intentional interactions emerged stories of hardship, accomplishment, struggle, and success – stories of humanity. As students reflected afterward, these vividly cutting life stories challenged their preconceptions and biases about homelessness – specifically, their ideas about the relationship between homelessness and drugs. So what exactly is the relationship between drugs and homelessness? Could this relationship be multifaceted? Vary depending on the individual’s life story? And be more complicated than it seems? Walk along Market Street, even just the couple blocks distance from our residence to headquarters, and you will likely pass someone doing drugs. Quite often, this person appears homeless. Very few people deny the pervasiveness of drugs in the homeless community – fewer people, however, stop to ask precisely what roles drugs play. Fewer still stop to ask these question to people they pass. So what exactly is the relationship between drugs and homelessness? Could this relationship be multifaceted? Vary depending on the individual’s life story? And be more complicated than it seems? As the Minerva students who went out this weekend discovered firsthand, the answer is a thunderous, “Yes!” Take, for example, the testimony of a homeless man from Chicago. At 25 years old, he spent the last decade of his life addicted to heroin and some of those years also addicted to crack. While still under his parent’s insurance, he has the option of going through rehab. Unfortunately, this option expires when he ages off his parent’s insurance in February. As he turns 26 on February 26th, his golden birthday seems more bleak than promising. Especially since rehabilitation the past seven times failed to break his addictions. Why? He makes a living by holding drugs for other people, primarily functioning as a drop point between dealers and customers. Because of this, he is continuously around drugs which only encourages addictions. With two jail sentences on record, he fears that if he can not get sober now, he may never clean up. This story may sound similar to many others struggling with addictions. Even still, it holds unique aspects that shaped this man’s identity and living situation. Besides, Minerva students heard other drug-related life stories that question this idea of a ‘typical’ drug story.  “It’s good to have your life fall apart, so you know how to put it back together.” Consider the memoir of another man, Michael. Originally from Connecticut, Michael studied metalworking at a community college. He claimed to know a lot, offering to teach and advise the Minerva student. In recent years, Michael began growing and selling weed as a living. He ships it cross-country then waits – hoping the package makes it to the buyer, expecting to receive his fair $20,000 to $30,000 deposited into his bank account. According to him, after California legalized weed, major corporations began to farm it, making the substance cheaper and disrupting small farmers like himself. A disruption that put him on the street for a year now. Of his life, Michael told us, “it’s good to have your life fall apart, so you know how to put it back together.” Real life stories cannot be simplified for ease of digestion. They are heart-breaking, breath-taking, and change-making. They are vivid, authentic, and unfinished. After all, the stories of these men illuminate little except inaccurate personal preconceptions, biases, and prejudices. They cast doubt on popular perspectives. They do not answer any questions. Instead, they ask: what exactly is the relationship between drugs and homelessness? How do personal stories interact with the many facets of this complicated discussion? Remember, the stories of the people you pass, on the streets and off, remain unknown to you until you ask.
 Ben Chen is back! This time, he’s brought a plethora of friends to share their stories of “friends” in the city, their confusions about capstone, and advice for the underclassmen. Don’t forget to subscribe to our youtube channel and let us know if you have any comments or questions – we want to know what you want to see. Have a specific question for a class or a student? Post a comment here, on Facebook, or on the youtube videos! See you next week with Kah Yee in London!
 Kah Yee and 2019 are back for the November London Vlog. Hear some wise words from Jesse (so really, any words) and a special guest appearance; Corey of #bringback #tradeoffs fame! As always, subscribe and be on the lookout for more vlogs from the Minerva Quest! Also, we have a number of podcasts and articles out from The Quest, so check them out. Especially the first pieces out from the class of 2022!!!
 In the heat of April 2018, a group of climbers convene in the Khajaguda Cave area of Hyderabad, laughing as one of them struggles to mount a large granite boulder. They are joined by a cacophony of people and sounds: a group of men playing cricket, sharp hymns announced from the unofficial Jai Meher Baba caves, morning prayers from the nearby mosque. Different beliefs about how to use this land emerge side by side as shattered glass and plastic bags accumulate.  Hyderabad, known for its palaces and spicy food, is rarely spoken of as a rock-climbing destination. Just 400 km away, the small town of Hampi is considered the bouldering Mecca of India by locals and tourists alike. Hyderabad shares Hampi’s terrain—notoriously sharp granite boulders—but is also is home to nearly 7 million people and a budding information technology sector. Despite a massive population, the outdoor adventure community is small and largely encompassed by the Great Hyderabad Adventure Club (GHAC).  Fakhruddin Gutta, or Khajaguda (as it is known to climbers and devotees), forms the center of the climbing community in Hyderabad. It is an exposed hilltop, scattered with some of the oldest granite boulders on the planet, and is located just steps away from looming IT companies and a large, stunningly blue lake. It also forms the backyard of the Lanco Hills development company’s latest additions to the city, an ominous neighbor at best (an encroaching one at worst). Khajaguda is becoming steadily more popular with residents and adventurers, and holds significance to those who spend their time praying in its rock caves, trekking through the meandering trails, or struggling up its sharp walls. However, change is imminent. From either an expanding temple, encroaching lakeside basti (the local term for settlements or slums) or through another ambitious commercial development, Khajaguda will be inevitably changed, if not destroyed.  As any Hyderabadi will tell you, the city is rapidly developing. A decade ago, much of Hyderabad was grass and boulders. Many prominent telecom buildings were erected in the last four years. During this development, the city has struggled to achieve preserved status for public spaces and natural history sites. An activist group called the Society to Save Rocks has actively pursued heritage designations for rock sites in Hyderabad for public and historical benefit. Save the Rocks initially thought Khajaguda would be protected by its heritage site designation, which prevented it from becoming a quarry or slum. However the law was repealed by the government and in 2006 the site was rezoned from ‘Recreational’ to a ‘Special Economic Zone.’ Activists and climbers took this to signal the impending commercial development of the area, and the Society to Save Rocks described it as “a crime against nature”. Frauke Quader, founder of the group, explained that the heritage law was repealed in order to be replaced by a more comprehensive framework. She says this explanation is “plausible” but unfortunate, as nothing has since replaced heritage protections.  There have been successful protests to preserve space in the city, the most recent and notable being the KBR Park in Banjara Hills, an upscale neighborhood nestled between the new and old cities. Still, most climbers feel that Khajaguda is not considered important enough to a broader audience for similar support to be shown. To many people, Khajaguda’s destruction is the next logical step in the commercial development of the city. It is the illustrative epicentre of a phenomenon across Hyderabad, where public space is rapidly disappearing. Even Quader expects that many natural formations within Hyderabad will soon be gone. Bouldering is one of many activities people enjoy in Khajaguda. This boulder has been painted by temple-goers. | Photo: Hyderabad Climbers What complicates an already bleak scenario is the presence of three centers of religion: a recently restored Vishnu temple, a mosque (the namesake for Fakhruddin Gutta), and a rock cave where the mystic Jai Meher Baba is told to have meditated.  The Vishnu temple was originally abandoned, hidden by boulders and overgrown weeds. In the past three years, it has been re-established and expanded into a well-attended compound. Brush has been cleared and hiking paths expanded into roads for cars, with street lights lining the path to a dusty parking lot created by breaking up and discarding boulders. A cement road is being laid to allow trucks to bring more materials up the hill.  Rocks have been used as poster boards, covered in white paint that exclaim hymns or directions to the main altar. Those painted are considered especially sacred, and climbers are often berated for mounting them. There have been several cases across India with religious institutions grabbing public land. Although there have been multiple laws passed across India to prevent temples from encroaching on public space, it is still a common occurrence. The strategy often works. Although the Vishnu temple in Khajaguda has claimed it will not destroy the bigger boulders, there are no guarantees. Quader sees this as a positive development, as Khajaguda faces threats from other developers and individuals. If the consistent presence of temple-goers dissuades further destruction of the space, that would be a good thing.  Rock lovers and adventurers feel differently. A chunk of a popular boulder was recently cut to expand the temple road and some went straight to the police. While Quader empathizes with the younger generation, she advocates a less confrontational approach. “We cannot stop development. We have to coexist, no?” However, she recognizes the government’s reluctance to enter a potential religious conflict if they interfere. One climbers take: “We’ve knocked on all government doors. Nothing can be done.” During a morning climb, a man stops us at the L-rock (the loving name of the learners rock, now partially gone) and speaks to one of the climbers in English. The man sits on a bike, his wife behind him, and his two children poke out between them. The climber explains what we are doing, and the man quickly launches into his main motivation. He tells us that we are disturbing the religious space and bothering wildlife, namely peacocks. The climber responds kindly, explaining that he has been climbing here for the past four years and this season has brought the most peacocks he has ever seen. The man grumbles more before pushing off, unable to argue further. These scenes are common. Climbers are increasingly being told that their presence in Khajaguda is a disturbance, all the more hypocritical as the Meher Baba caves blast hymns as early as nine AM, with BMW’s and temple-goers scattered in the makeshift parking area in front of the caves. Just a few years ago, climbers trekked up a large hill through thick brush to get to their favorite boulders in Khajaguda. It was the temple that brought cars, lights, and noise; not the climbers. The temple is quickly expanding, and climbers expect to be excluded from most areas of Khajaguda in a matter of months. Only time will tell if this is true, and there is reason to believe that at least parts can be preserved. Quader trusts that those who run the temple do value the natural landscape, at least more than those who have attempted to turn the hill into a quarry. Envisioning a Khajaguda without so many of its iconic boulders is painful, but to some it is a surprise that the area might continue to exist at all. While I am unable to find reason to rejoice, I encourage everyone—climbers, hikers, nature enthusiasts—to visit Khajaguda, if to witness its natural grandeur before it irrevocably altered. While there are other protected zones to climb in, like Gun Rock in Secunderabad, or Pandavula Gutta outside the city, Khajaguda is a site to see and will be missed dearly, not least by me.
 This Anthropologie Cardigan That Costs $198 Oh no! You don’t believe in fur, Aunt Jean? And you don’t want to spend $200 on a cardigan with an inexplicable French name? Well, all right then, I guess money is fine.  A Blanket Because You “Can’t Afford To Keep The Heating On” Yes, it is an absolute shame, Step-Uncle Phil, but it gets so cold around the holidays and there’s simply no way I could gather enough money to heat my home. But that’s fine, a blanket will do and— what’s that? Money? Oh, I hadn’t thought of that. Yes, I suppose that could work.   A Few Orders to Get Your HerbaLife Business off The Ground This is it for me, Mom. I can feel it. I know I’ve had a few false starts in the past, but with my own HerbaLife business I will be an independent career woman and I won’t have to ask you for money any more! No, no, it’s perfectly safe. I mean, no one has died, they said. You’re still unsure? Really? Well, if you’re truly that uncomfortable…   Yoga Silks and Straps For The Aerial Yoga Class You’re Definitely Going To Take You know, I’m not surprised you’ve heard of it, Aunt Christine. I mean, yes, it is related to the yoga that played a central role in all those murderous cults that turned people against Jesus, but it’s also great for unlocking your chakras! They even have a seniors class that I could take Grandpa to! Oh, what? The website didn’t work for you? That’s so odd. Yes, I know it’s not tradition but just this once maybe money is fine.   Vibrator What’s that, Grandma? You “didn’t receive” my list? Oh, that’s all right. Money is fine.
 Due to a few hiccups, this vlog is a little bit late, but it is finally here! Watch an early morning Rocket Launch, a video game tournament, and more from 2022!
 Ben Chen again! Watch the Brilliant Baker Ranwa explore her passion for… burning things; Kalia take Ben somewhere definitively very far away, and Frances describe… A market. Have a great break and see you in a few weeks! XoXo The Vlogging Team + Kroner
 The final vlog of 2018! As the final hours of 2018 come to a close and one by one Minervans countdown to the New Year, we have one final vlog for you from Kah Yee and 2019! We hope you enjoy and keep an eye out for more exciting stuff coming up this year on the Minerva Quest.
 During my first week in Seoul, I went on a photography tour with Minsik, a local. Before the tour, my image of Seoul was one dimensional, and all I could think of were its high-tech buildings and prominent beauty culture. First, we walked through Bukchon Hanok (a traditional Korean house) Village, one of the most popular tourist destinations in Seoul, where I was taken aback by banners and posters telling all visitors to keep their voice down. It made me think about the culture that is brought in by foreigners living in the city and how it impacts the relationship the locals have with the traditions to which they have held on growing up. We then walked through Insadong, another neighbourhood, into an old park which used to be a Buddhist temple. We went from one stark image of Seoul to another, and I realized that aside from its vibrant colours, what truly intrigued me was the city’s contrasts of modernity and antiquity which seem to co-exist here. See how these dynamics play out in my photo essay below. 
 As a photography enthusiast, I love the ‘golden hour.’ It is the precious time around sunrise and sunset when sunlight diffuses evenly, leaving a warm golden blanket over the Earth. It is tempting to simply hold up the camera and snap infinite shots in the embrace of honey-sweet light rays.  It leaves you vying for escape, makes you want to rush to the countryside or climb up the highest building to savor the finest beauty  Not all places allow you to observe the golden hour though. With cities growing and pollution rising, sometimes (or most of the time) the sun simply refuses to be seen. All that is left to see is the dying amber sliding briefly over pollutant-ridden clouds or a flickering sunbeam behind skyscrapers. It leaves you vying for escape, makes you want to rush to the countryside or climb up the highest building to savor the finest beauty that our burning ball in space has to offer. So you can imagine how absolutely moved I was when I set foot in San Francisco: it was beautiful. Despite the homelessness, the inequality, the dystopian economy, I still fell head over heels in love with the enchanting soft yellow glow of the city every late afternoon. Light bounced off glass buildings and giant towers of Financial District, glided over the leaves in front of the City Hall, and climbed up the high roads of Nob Hill to cast golden magic over the City by the Bay. When I packed up and left San Francisco for my (seemingly) perpetual travel with Minerva, I thought there would be no place like it again. And yet, I met Seoul. As gentle as the city and the people of Seoul itself, the afternoon sunlight brought a flow of honey-sweetness creeping throughout the city, caressing everything in its calming embrace. And now, more and more do I wish for the snow to come and bring even more softness and glamor to the golden sunlight of Seoul.
 Founding Class member Gabriella Grahek shares her tips and tricks for living in Hyderabad with the class of 2021 currently stationed there. From where to meet to how to make friends, don’t miss out on this article if you want to make the most of your Spring semester this year! As Minerva’s class of 2021 begins its journey through the chaos of Hyderabad’s ever-growing beauty and disarray, I want to share a few of tips and tricks for making Hyderabadi life as easy, fun, and rooted as possible.  I lived in Hyderabad (HYD), India with my classmates in Minerva’s class of 2019 from January through April 2018 and continued to be based in HYD on and off throughout 2018. A part of my soul has been captured by the beeps, dust and breeze, dog barks and tiffin centers, rustic history in Old City and shiny HiTech scene which all create a bright and dynamic city.   Get ready for a wild time. Stay open-minded and curious, ask questions, eat good food, and keep your eyes open. Breathe in the diversity, adversity, and learn from the journey! Of course, food is top priority. First, HYD is famous for biryani–it’s a must try dish. There are endless choices and you can ask any local for their favorite biryani spot, but to start I recommend Biryani Ghar, which wonderfully offers a vegan friendly option. A special thanks to founder and owner Sir Imran Hassan who is providing a special deal for Minerva students: a full meal with a choice of veg/non-veg soup, kebabs, roti or naan with a curry, biryani, dessert and chai for 250 rupees. To enjoy this price, message Imran ahead of time on WhatsApp (+91-8008799112) to make a reservation for a weekend day. Anytime you visit, ask if Imran is around, mention “Minerva” (and my name if you so wish) and pick his brain on biryani, food generally, and especially the history of language.  Considering the ease of eating “veg” dishes in India, in the first rotation of Minerva students in Hyderabad many experimented with vegetarianism and I encourage you to do so too! While the case for vegetarianism is not the focus of this article (but cough-cough #savetheenvironment), consider checking out “Eating Animals”  or “The Rich Roll Podcast” if you’re seeking some inspiration. Beyond the ease of finding “veg” Indian dishes, the city also offers a series of cozy spots for some non-Indian style veg-friendly food, and a few also have wifi (#MinervaLife). For food and wifi, check out Whiteboard Café and the Autumn Leaf. Also with wifi, Smart Alec Alternative Deli is a wonderful vegan spot in a beautiful enclave in Jubilee Hills. It functioned as a second home for many Minervans in 2018 (myself included). It is closed on Wednesdays, generally open 12:00-4:00 and 7:00-10:00 pm, but the friendly co-founders allowed many of us to hang out and continue working through the day to catch both lunch and dinner. Note they will be moving locations mid-February 2019, so keep an eye out (follow on instagram @smartalecalternativedeli) for info on their new spot. Now, definitely for food and maybe wifi….Alive Café is a recently opened vegan/vegetarian restaurant above the Starbucks overlooking the KBR park. With the aesthetics of Seoul and food reminiscent of California, it’s a fantastic morning meetup with a wonderful view of tree-top greenery. A bit on the pricier side but worth it for the quality, the Olive Bistro overlooks lake Durgam Cheruvu in Jubilee Hills and is attached to The Hoppery brewery, a fun spot for friendly group gatherings or an exclusive date night. For Italian food cravings, Little Italy also offers a wonderful view overlooking the KBR park and Viva Italia comes highly recommended by an M’19 student. A bit further southeast is Zafran Exotica Bar and Restaurant, which offers a wonderful rooftop ambiance with borders of gently swaying greenery floating in drifting water. They have a pricey but well worth it Sunday brunch offering, for which a birthday celebration could be the perfect excuse. It may seem cliché, but the chutneys at Chutney’s are just too wonderful to pass up. Definitely visit in the start of your time in Hyderabad so you know your favorite chutney for anytime you may need a quick online order. It’s also a great spot to take visiting family or friends. For supporting local spots with important missions, check out: I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream! But seriously, check out Naturals for some fresh flavors and Indulge Ice Cream if you want to acquire a beautiful reusable ceramic pot and lid along with some tasty spoonfuls of deliciousness. And for any pastry cravings, find Concu in Jubilee Hills. For ordering food online, Swiggy and Zomato both work. Be aware, a lot of the aforementioned spots deliver but only if you’re close enough to the restaurant so don’t be surprised if you can’t find a particular restaurant online sometimes (eg. Bon Appediet is great for online ordering if in Jubilee Hills). Also, orders tend to come in a lot of plastic bags and wrapping, so avoid that waste-cycle (#zerowastegoals) and go in person or cook at home! The obvious next priority in #MinervaLife: working zones. Beyond the aforementioned spots with wifi, there are a handful of coworking spaces Minervans were fond of last year. As a tech hub with a growing population that is increasingly connected online, there is an emerging startup and coworking landscape in HYD. When 2019 and 2020 arrived in early 2018, there were only a handful of identifiable coworking options. One year later and the pool to choose from has expanded, so do your own research as you may find a new jem. Two great options many of us relied on include Jxtapose and Awfis. Contact them to see if you can coordinate a group rate if you get a bunch of Minerva students to commit. As important as food, and #MinervaLife compatible working zones, is fitness. My top recommendation is the Krishna Yoga Shala, just a short distance from the HYD residence with classes at 6, 7 and 8 a.m. then 6 and 7 pm Monday–Friday, it’s the perfect way to start your day. Head there for an early morning class and stop at the “Divy Darsani Tiffins” for a classic south Indian breakfast of idlis and vada. No doubt, you’ll go back for more. Also, founder and teacher Krishna offers Yoga Teacher Trainings, so check out the website to see if it suits your needs. Krishna opened the studio just one year ago and it became a home for many Minervans, some long-time yogi’s, others who just wanted to test the waters, and more who found a new interest they’ve continued to explore since–it’s worth everyone trying! Other great fitness options include Abhinav Parkour Training which is a great way to add in cardio to your routine, plus a ton of fun.  A lot of people explore rock climbing outdoors with Hyderabad Climbing which beyond being a great activity is a wonderful way to make local friends and HyDance is a great dance studio to get your groove on. The Hyderabad Ultimate Frisbee Association is, according to an M’20 student, “a team of amazing people who play frisbee every week out of the Microsoft offices in HYD and they’re always looking for people to join!…Sending them a message on the facebook page is probably the most official way [to get in touch] since there is no official league or sign up, just a team for now.” The same student also recommends a recently opened CrossFit gym. Another M’20 student explored horseback riding, “I took riding lessons at Nasr Polo  all semester. As an already-experienced rider, I didn’t learn much, but it was great regular exercise, got me out of the city to an area with better air quality in the mornings, and I really liked both the owners and the instructors, and chatted with a lot of different people who were also taking lessons, so it was also a fun way to interact with a variety of people. I liked that they were good at evaluating the riding levels of both myself and other people who came with, and matched their instruction to my experience well.” Beyond food, work, and fitness, prioritize meeting locals as it’s the best way to deepen your engagement with the city. To start, learn at least a few phrases in the local language–it can go a long way in building that initial connection. For connecting with other foreigners who live in HYD (and can help guide the process of meeting locals) check out the expat groups online and casually join in–they may judge if you’re not “from their country”, but they may also welcome you and become a whole host of new friends! Worth a shot.  Another tactic, if you’re above age, go to the “bars/clubs” (a few to get you started: HyLife Brewing Company, Kaleido, Tabula Rasa,   Zero40, Prost and the new Prism) as that’s a scene you’re likely to meet some young professionals looking to break loose. Yet another tactic true across cities: join some team sports activities. Lastly, to stay connected to locals be sure to add their contact info on Whatsapp (the go-to method in HYD) and/or Facebook RIGHT AWAY. Then message them ASAP so the conversation and relationship is initiated. With just four months, it’s important to get over the possible initial lag in friendship building by being proactive in the beginning (i.e. don’t delay sending that first message until you’re a week away from departure). Don’t be afraid to be forward and get the conversation going. Now, before wrapping up, I highly recommend Dangal and Padman. If possible, catch a film in a local theater too to experience the classic “intermission” and engaging reactions to on-screen drama. And for a great overview of life as an expat in Hyderabad, check out the short film Expatriation Wave, created by French hydrogeologist Adrien Selles who has been based in HYD for four years.  Most importantly, a few notes on safety. I am no expert, but I am a female who has travelled solo internationally since I was 12 (no, my parents were not irresponsible), visited over 20 countries, and lived in seven.  No matter where you are travelling it is imperative to consider safety and take precautions to ensure your journey is as smooth as it can be. This doesn’t mean be “boring” or that you have to live without “spontaneity”, rather it means having a well-defined framework of what risks you are willing to take and evaluating those risks seriously. And doing this pretty constantly.  Here’s a list of straightforward and easy precautions applicable to any journey on the road: These tips (safety and otherwise) do not imply don’t go adventure, in fact that’s exactly what I encourage you to do! I simply hope that with this basis, you might spend less time searching for those cozy comfort depots and instead venture for the wilder zones of the Hyderabadi life. Go, be wild and free, discover your curiosity, and of course, study. #MinervaLife Reach out with questions: [email protected]
 Walking out of Gangnam Station, one of the first things you notice is a statue of dancers striking iconic poses from Psy’s Gangnam Style, an homage to the 2013 hit that made Seoul’s young business and technology district a household name. Look up, and you’ll see intimidating skyscrapers and the names of the multinational corporations they house. Look around, and you’ll see the glitzy storefronts that draw shoppers from across the city. Walk a bit, and you’ll eventually reach the enormous Coex Mall and a number of cultural institutions. It’s not hard to see why Gangnam is heralded as the place where South Korea’s future is made.  What you might not notice, however, is the street running through the heart of it all: Teheran-ro, or Tehran Boulevard. It’s become metonymous with economic progress in South Korea (hereafter just Korea), yet it is, seemingly perplexingly, named after the capital of Iran. The name, and the Korean-Iranian friendship it celebrates, hints at the decades-old story of how two nations pursuing their own interests created a mutually beneficial economic partnership, the story of which doesn’t make it into most Eurocentric accounts of globalization.  The name, and the Korean-Iranian friendship it celebrates, hints at the decades-old story of how two nations pursuing their own interests created a mutually beneficial economic partnership  Teheran-ro was first Samneung-ro, or “Three Royal Tombs Street,” named after the nearby ancient Sillan dynasty burial site. It was named after the Iranian capital to commemorate the creation of a sister-city pact between the two cities in 1977. Earlier that decade, Korea’s population was rapidly increasing and urbanizing, but the country was still far from being fully developed. The Seoul city government, searching for somewhere to house the growing labor force overwhelming the old city’s infrastructure, turned to Gangnam – then mostly farmland. The city government’s 2015 “Seoul Solution for Urban Development” report describes the many infrastructure projects initiated in 1970s Gangnam, which began the process of connecting a once-isolated area reachable only by boat to the metastasizing city core.  But the stagnation of the global economy in the early 1970s slowed progress, and, as the Seoul Solution report notes, many in the old city were hesitant to make a risky investment in new Gangnam property. Still, it was at this time that Gangnam began to represent the city’s future, bright or not. This made it a valuable and symbolic gift to Tehran, particularly because it replaced a symbol of its ancient history that was the “Samneung-ro” name. Though Korea and Iran have been in contact for centuries, their economic friendship began in earnest in the early 1970s. According to Myongji University economics professor Shim Ui-Sup, Korea, a resource-poor country heavily reliant on imports, began developing its technology sector with a focus on labor-intensive engineering projects. This trend coincided with the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries’ (OPEC) 1973 oil embargo against several Western powers, including America.  Though widely remembered as an “oil shock” for its catastrophic impact on many Western economies and their allies, the embargo proved to be a boon for OPEC countries, including Iran, and, eventually, Korea. The former was flushed with oil-funded capital and eager to invest it in development projects but lacked a sufficient labor force to construct them; the latter was reliant on energy imports yet had a large, well-educated workforce, ready to move abroad and start building. Shim’s paper “South Korean Workers and the Middle East Construction Boom in the 1970s” explains that Korean firms began winning contracts for huge construction projects in the Middle East and sending legions of migrant workers to the region. During the peak of the oil boom, between 1978 and 1979, Korea received more construction contracts in the Middle East than any other nation, displacing countries that had dominated the market early on, such as West Germany and America.  The strengthening economic ties between the two countries in the 1970s were reflected in a series of diplomatic meetings, trade missions, and cooperation agreements, including the 1976 Seoul-Tehran sister city pact. It was in this amicable climate that Samneung-ro became Teheran-ro, providing a physical reminder of the centrality of Iran to Korea’s development. Relations between the two countries cooled as a result of the 1979 Iranian revolution and wage spikes that shifted the focus of Korea’s economy, but they remain friendly today even despite their opposing alliances.  When considering the entirety of the street today, however, this legacy is hard to discern. The rapid construction of apartment complexes and office buildings in the 1980s may have been partially fueled by the 1970s economic partnership with Iran, but Gangnam seems to have modeled itself after the modern West. It’s wide streets, skyscrapers, pervasive English signs and Western brands contrast with the old city, which has also been extensively redeveloped yet still maintains more traditional narrow streets lined with hanok-style buildings. It’s also easy for an uninformed observer to understand Teheran-ro’s name as just another manifestation of Gangnam’s pervasive and general embrace of the global community. Before I started researching this article, I actually thought that Teheran-ro was just one of many internationally-named streets in Gangnam; I imagined that it might intersect with a Leondeon-ro or Nyu Yok-ro. The street is lined with world flags alternating with Korean ones, after all, each celebrating the many ideas and products exchanged between Korea and the international economy. For the past three decades, therefore, I can imagine that walking down Teheran-ro would be more likely to remind one of Korea’s close relationship with the world as a whole rather than Iran specifically.   While visitors can easily choose to remain ignorant of Teheran-ro’s origins, the name points the curious towards a more nuanced understanding of Korea’s economic development.  This may have been especially true since the 1990s, when more and more startups and IT companies arrived in Gangnam and people started referring to the area as “Teheran Valley,” rechristening it once more. The Silicon Valley reference celebrates Korea’s own innovative tech sector as well as the many American tech companies that have offices in the vicinity. This is another story of how Gangnam has been shaped by Korea’s engagement with the global economy, yet it is one that most observers, especially Western ones like myself, are much more familiar with. It’s significant, therefore, that the “Teheran” in Teheran Valley has been kept, despite 1980s attempts to change its name and disassociate Korea from increasingly-isolated Iran. While Korea’s economy is still tied to Iran’s, the nation is much more powerful than it was in the 1970s, and it would likely lose little by renaming Teheran-ro. Instead, while visitors can easily choose to remain ignorant of Teheran-ro’s origins, the name points the curious towards a more nuanced understanding of Korea’s economic development. America’s influence was heavily present in both Korea and Iran in the 1970s, but the two countries still pursued economic self-interests that would have a negative or at least neutral impact on the hegemonic power.  Indeed, the plaque commemorating the naming of Teheran-ro contains only Persian and Hangul, one of the only signs in the area without an English translation – a memory of a moment when the global exchanges fueling the country’s growth were made without any Western parties, and a reminder that one can find traces of such complex, unexpected histories if they look carefully below the skyscrapers.
 Happy New Year!  Join Ben as he and his classmates in the Minerva class of 2020 land in Buenos Aires, Argentina and see what they have been up to – tune in for toothbrushing adventures, elevation surprises, and Ben trying to get swole.
 Dear Athena,  I really want to warn other students about this class I took last semester. Don’t get me wrong, I learned a few things, but I’m pretty sure the professor is actually an AI. I went to office hours once and when I asked when our assignment grades would be released a little captcha widget popped up and asked me to identify all of the squares that contained images of dictators. I still don’t have my grades back, and I think the AI is using students’ work to train itself so that it can one day take over the world! How do I let others know about this dangerous situation? I tried posting on Facebook, but it just got lost under all the memes and random requests….. If only there was a better way! — A Concerned Minervan Dear Concerned Minervan, First off, bold of you to assume that your opinions are more important than memes. Second, I don’t trust you. What Minervan actually goes to office hours? They have much better things to do, like updating their Linkedin profile for the fifth time this week or going to mandatory SXP events to avoid paying fines.  Third, I don’t think the robot will be able to “take over the world” if the only training input it is getting is from Minerva students’ assignments. Semi-functional code that I wrote in ten minutes? Six hundred words on what the CEO of Snapfish should do to improve the organization of his business? I’m not sure the foot-notes on how I effectively used #dataviz in a novel way will be essential to world domination.  If you really care as much about other people as your accomplishment section claims you do, Minerva has a “Rate my Professor” type thing on the Minerva Quest website. It’s password protected to prevent strangers from leaving unfounded reviews, consequently killing my procrastination hobbies. Without anonymous strangers leaving fake reviews the page is as barren as a 10:01 at 10:02. The password is buried somewhere on Facebook, but don’t tell anyone I told you that. If you feel the vestigial need to superficially benefit the community, then by all means go leave your robot professor a review. Maybe it will send them into a feedback loop until they short circuit or something. Who knows? You will get enough self-gratification to temporarily pull yourself out of the hole you’ve already begun to dig for yourself and the rest of us can continue browsing through our memes without interruption until doomsday is upon us. Instead of writing forgotten reviews, you could try starting your own business where you add every single class in the add/drop list to your schedule and sell slots for the most popular classes to the highest bidder. Once they kick you out of Minerva you can pawn your laptop and buy a cool poodle statue named Sir Kennington III to ward off evil omens. I bet even your robot professor will think it’s so cool that they will spare your life when they conquer the planet. Animorphing away, Athena  P.S. Please send in your problems, concerns, or stories you would like to share using this Google Form! It’s as anonymous as you make it to be, but if you leave your credit card information…well, I don’t let those kinds of opportunities just pass me by. 
 Join Kah Yee and the class of 2019 as they return to San Francisco for their final semester of their Minerva journey. Tune in for the last cross-class elevation, M19 senior retreat, and a special celebrity guests! 
 On January 28, the class of 2021 elected Nebraska Grayson, Sho Hihara, and Audrey Warters to be their Associated Students Of Minerva (ASM) representatives for the 2019 term. Both Hihara and Warters served on the ASM the previous year. The representatives met with the student experience team on January 31 to discuss ASM procedures and community-wide issues. A major conversational theme during the election regarded the need to increase open communication between the ASM, Minerva administration, and students. Each of the elected representatives explicitly addressed these issues in their platforms, as did most of the unelected candidates.  “I’m glad that someone who was not in ASM last year was elected so that we can get out of the normal muck and process.” Grayson identified transparency as one of her core values and also mentioned improving ASM Office Hours, UserVoice, and other formal channels of communication. She’d engaged with ASM as a student over the past year, such as by attending open meetings and reading through the charter, and she’s excited to bring this perspective to her work as a representative and learn the organization’s internal workings. “I do, however, hope to be a voice of resistance to some extent,” Grayson told the Quest. “Not that I’m just going to be a contrarian, but I’m glad that someone who was not in ASM last year was elected so that we can get out of the normal muck and process.” Her overall views on serving the community were more holistic: she emphasized wanting to improve conversations within the student body itself, find ways to align official ASM and administration work with grassroots initiatives, and build better relationships between Minerva cohorts and the cities where they study.  “I want people to realize how important it is that we be more conscious of our attitudes,” Grayson said. “Maybe it’s wiping down the table after you use it, or being kinder to some of the service people we have here, or making sure that you talk to people if you see someone’s upset. We do need to take care of ourselves, but I think we also need to remember that we’re all in this together. We need to take a step back sometimes and recognize that even the smallest actions can really say so much about how we feel about our community.”  “This year, the ASM is coming to an important phase where all four classes are represented. This is a great opportunity to continue advancing our role to be more institutionalized and legitimate.” In his platform, Hihara explained that he wanted to make it easier for students to access correct information sources, so everyone can quickly find answers, learn about new policies, and ultimately make more informed decisions. He also discussed finding an alternative student feedback system to replace UserVoice, the now-defunct platform for submitting suggested improvements to all aspects of the Minerva experience.  Hihara also plans to focus on making the ASM more legitimate within Minerva. During the pre-election “Meet the Candidates” session, he billed himself as the “bureaucratic contrarian” needed to get the job done.  “Last year, ASM made a lot of progress in terms of being considered a more or less legitimate body of student representation by the staff team, which helped us reflect student voices effectively,” Hihara told the Quest. “This year, the ASM is coming to an important phase where all four classes are represented. This is a great opportunity to continue advancing our role to be more institutionalized and legitimate, as well as revisiting the works/roles of ASM and building a solid foundation that the coming years can build on.” “We’re looking to make the ASM a bigger part of the Minerva community by streamlining communications and interacting with more people on the ground, in real time.” Warters recalled the largely unsuccessful attempts at sharing information her and Hihara helped implement as ASM representatives last year, such as hosting “Office Hours” where students could raise issues.  “We’re looking to make the ASM a bigger part of the Minerva community by streamlining communications and interacting with more people on the ground, in real time,” Warters told the Quest. “What this looks like to me involves making our website more accessible, holding weekly office hours, and making ‘town halls’ more prevalent to discuss class and university-wide issues.”  Warters also emphasized that finding “student-centric” solutions to the problems ASM tackles requires discussing the diverse backgrounds of Minerva students and the variety of needs they create, such as frustrations with financial aid, and “simply being present with the people in our class.”  “Thank you, thank you, thank you for trusting in me to represent you, your voice, and your thoughts on what it means to be here in Minerva,” Warters said. “I am always a message, call, email, or door knock away, and happy to talk with you about anything big or small, even if it doesn’t feel like a ‘major’ concern.” “It’s the ASM’s responsibility to be more transparent about what goes on, but it’s also on the community to engage in those discussions.” Ultimately, as Grayson said, “there can be efforts on all parts to [improve clarity in communication]. It’s the ASM’s responsibility to be more transparent about what goes on, but it’s also on the community to engage in those discussions.” If the election turnout rate is any indicator, about 62 percent of the class of 2021 understands this and are at least nominally willing to engage with ASM. But no more than 30 students attended the Meet the Candidates session (considering the panel took place at 9 am on a Friday, however, this figure is perhaps  optimistic).  “Please read our newsletters and announcements,” Hihara said. “We have always put our utmost effort into being as transparent as possible and continuing to work at it, but as is the nature of ASM, there must be active engagement/interest from the students to utilize our existence as much as possible. Please know that at the end of the day, we exist to make your voice heard.”
 Context matters.  I first met her at a Peet’s coffee. I was taking classes there in the morning and she leaned over, curious about the “weird video call.” We talked for quite a while. I told her about Minerva and the unique way I take class.   I have, for some reason, taken to calling her Renee… The bag at her feet looked well-loved. The osprey logo had seen younger days but the maroon color retained its vitality. Her hands seemed wrinkled but I merely assumed she worked in a labor-intensive job. Her dark hair frizzed no more than anyone else and the streak of white in it only made her all the more memorable. She sat charging her phone just like the young business executive a few tables away. Her camo print jacket had a few pins on it, a rainbow, and two crests.  She never gave me her name, yet I have for some reason taken to calling her Renee –  perhaps an attempt to give her added respect for her role in altering my biases and flawed perspective. As we talked, she told me she had a bachelor’s degree and saw immense value in young adults pursuing education. She jotted down “Minerva” in a black notebook, frayed at the seams and barely holding the pages together.  She didn’t tell me she was homeless and I never guessed. The conversation lasted only a few minutes before I had to return to class. By the time my class finished, Renee had left. I thought little of the interaction. Chatting with a stranger in a cafe is commonplace afterall. Renee was many things – chatty, opinionated, and kind…I didn’t know she lived on the streets… A month later, I took a class from a new cafe in another neighborhood. A woman sat beside me at the shared table. “Still taking classes at the online university?” Renee commented after my class finished. I laughed, “Something like that.” In that short break between classes, I caught up with Renee. She had been at the cafe since 7:07 am when she left the BART train where she spent the night, “I like sleeping on the BART. It’s dry, semi-warm. But there’s still some nights when I don’t sleep. Not a wink. You just stay up all night. Sometimes it’s the cold or the thoughts inside your brain or the people coming by just don’t look right.” Renee was many things – chatty, opinionated, and kind. I knew all this all from my first interaction with her. Until that moment, I didn’t know she lived on the streets. My preconceived notions of homeless people as semi-helpless, often aggressive, and remaining on the street did not fit with the smiling woman sitting beside me at the cafe.  I oversimplified people… but how do I correct such an error?  Can I? Renee seemed unphased by my internal shock. Instead, she continued talking animatedly, “I need a job. I’ve been doing a lot of interviews but nothing yet. I’ve been thinking that I should just start my own business – maybe make wax or soap or open one of those overnight places where people could come and sleep peacefully somewhere warm. It could even have a coffee shop.” The idea of a safe and warm place to sleep came up multiple times. It clearly mattered to Renee and it seemed she longed to make such a place accessible for many. I smiled. “It would be pretty nice to have an all-night cafe here.”  She nodded. “You know, you remind me of my friend’s daughter. Course, she’s a bit older than you. I haven’t seen them in a long time. I haven’t seen many friends in a long time. It can get a bit lonely out here. You have to watch out for yourself and always keep your stuff with you. The second people see an opportunity, they’ll steal your bag. I’ve had two iPhones stolen from my pocket. Just goes to show how desperate some people are.” Renee shook her head. I nodded my agreement and our conversation lapsed into a brief silence. During my next class, the discussion revolved around ethical responses to homelessness – a puzzle sitting embodied in the woman beside me. Previously, and quite arrogantly, I assumed that my preconception of homelessness was accurate . Serendipitously, it was Giving Tuesday at the cafe where we sat. A day for people to come, pack a small bag with essentials like a hat, gloves, or granola bars to send to a local charity for people experiencing homelessness. Renee commented to me, “I got one of those bags one time some years back when I was first on the street.” “Did it help you?” She shrugged. “Something is better than nothing.”  I waited, hoping for a story. None came.  “Do you want to make one of those bags with me?” Renee asked after a few moments. And so we packed bags for the homeless, a homeless woman and me.  As we placed items into the plastic bags, Renee commented on them. “Oh man, these socks are really nice. And that small pack of tissues costs $1.29. Better put in multiple of the small wipes – those are so useful…” Previously, and quite arrogantly, I assumed that my preconception of homelessness was accurate. But I had oversimplified people – the fact that I simplified people at all shows the error of my ideas. But how do I correct such an error?  Will intense thinking, consciously and subconsciously help? Will action to give, donate, or serve help? Or is the only “fix” spending time around people experiencing homelessness to grasp the depth and breadth of their natural complexity and richness? Is there a fix at all? 
 In the past, I’ve interned for companies with a focused product and specific growth challenges around which they’re trying to work. But during my summer (2018) internship with YoGov, a government concierge company focused on simplifying DMV processes, I experienced new interesting problems and strategies I had never encountered before. I started at a crucial moment when the company was struggling to keep many of their promises, one being 24×7 customer support. The company’s key focus was to be customer-centric but lacked a dedicated team to meet that goal. Throughout my 10 week internship, I spent half of my time on customer support and internal business processes.  This article is intended to help you understand the diversity in the responsibilities of a Product Management intern. It also highlights some important takeaways and tools that can help you prepare for a PM internship and add a lot of value to your team and the company.  During those 10 weeks, the company’s revenues grew by 5x, we launched a new product, expanded to 3 new states, and changed our focus product and branding. It was indeed a rollercoaster – I’ve learned a lot and also reaffirmed my belief in many of my opinions about business strategy and sustainable growth. Here are my top takeaways: 
 The tour bus on the way to the demilitarized zone was full of foreigners, one of the first places I’d been in Seoul with no Koreans. Our tour guide at the front of the bus started telling us about the parts of Seoul as I watched the Han River out of the left window. In the past year, North Korea has been the subject of media attention, both because of nuclear weapon development and opening channels of communication with South Korea and the United States. These two ideas of North Korea were in my mind when I moved to Seoul with the class of 2021 in September. I was interested to learn more about the conflict and differences between the two countries, so I jumped at the opportunity to visit the demilitarized zone (DMZ) that separates them. On one Sunday morning in October I took a day trip from Seoul to the border that has recently been the subject of so much attention. Our guide transitioned to talking about the Korean War and why the peninsula is divided. She told us that after Japanese rule ended, the USSR occupied the North, establishing a communist government, while the US established a democracy in the South. Each government claimed to be the one legitimate governing body of the Korean peninsula. When violent conflict broke out, the Soviet Union, China, and the United States were all involved, escalating the military presence and resulting in a full-fledged war. But conflict and unity are in constant tension in Korea. In many ways, North and South Korea are one nation; they share one language, history, culture, traditions, geography, and values. For this reason, it makes sense to many Koreans to be one political country governed by one state. However, the societal structure of these two countries has diverged in recent times because of globalization, the Korean Wave, and the rapid economic growth and modernization of South Korea. North Korea’s isolation has stagnated cultural changes such that sudden urbanization, availability of information, and economic opportunities may overwhelm North Koreans and make it harder to integrate into any unified Korean society which may exist in the near future. The sharp class distinctions in North Korea are also a remnant of 20th-century society and an identifying feature of the lack of modernization. Further, North Korean isolation contributes to the weakness of the economy and lack of resources for the people. While North Korea is resource-rich, it struggles to keep up with other countries because they rarely engage in international trade.  But for many Koreans, the desire to unify doesn’t come from the theoretical reason that one nation should be governed by one state. Instead, it is deeply emotional. The Korean War was recent, more recent than I had realized. The older generation of today lived through it; many people have family across the border. Thus, the current political and humanitarian issues in North Korea are deeply personal for many South Koreans. The border is separating Koreans from their nation, their land, and themselves. However, at the DMZ all of this talk of unity was placed alongside the descriptions of North Korean invasion attempts. In the museum, it seemed that North Korea was simultaneously working with Moon Jae-in to unify the countries and ordering soldiers to dig tunnels under the agreed-upon demilitarized zone. How can we (indeed, how can Koreans) reconcile these two ideas? How can South Korea think of friendly relations or unification while still intensely fearing an invasion? We walked through part of a tunnel that was dug by North Korea 435 meters into the South Korean demilitarized zone. The last such tunnel was found as recently as 1990 and there might be many more that remain secret. I could easily walk the length of the tunnel up to the barricades, and I could imagine how quickly an entire army of soldiers could run through it. Only three barricades separated the tourist area from the rest of the tunnel across the border. Considering that solid granite didn’t stop the North Korean army, how could the barricades? The North Korean army is larger than the South’s, despite the greater South Korean population. While South Korea has the support of the US, it is conceivable that if conflict broke out again, Russia would join in a proxy war against America. At some parts of the tour, I felt that those 4 kilometers are all the peace that exists between the two countries. In Seoul, there is a more hopeful attitude. Several organizations work to help North Korean refugees, and many South Koreans believe that unification is possible. The relationship between the two countries is obviously not perfect, but I believe it will continue to improve. One of the reasons I wanted to visit the DMZ in 2018 was because it isn’t clear how much longer it will exist. A highlight of the tour was Dorasan Station, a finished train station built as the last stop in South Korea on a northern-bound route. Tourists can take a train from Seoul to Dorasan Station, but the platform with a sign “To Pyongyang” was empty. The station looked brand new, as if it could be opened tomorrow. Even after the war and the tunnels, South Korea seems ready to build ties again. Perhaps in the near future, we’ll be able to take a train all the way from Seoul to Pyongyang.
 This article is part of a series – ‘Professional Development made simple’. This series of articles will help you prepare for job applications, ace your interviews and build a network.  We hear these words every day: ‘Make sure your CV and Cover letter are relevant.’ Further, there is a ton of content on the internet about doing just that. Unfortunately, a lot of that content cannot be trusted when it comes to accurately represent the recruitment process. This article will walk you through the basics of designing a CV and Cover Letter in a way that works best for YOU!  Designing a CV tailored to the job description is important because it sets you apart from the general pool of applicants. A CV is the story of your reason for applying to this position and the reason you’re the best applicant.  Here are 3 concrete steps towards your best CV:  Final Action Items:  Caveats:  You may use external applications such as LaTex or Canva to design your CV but make sure that the template is appropriate for your specific industry. Investing time in your job applications is important and the quality of your application will determine the probability of securing the job. 
 I. A Brief Introduction Sometimes, especially since I am currently living in Hyderabad, it is easy to glance across the ocean and laugh at the ironic, disastrous mess that is my country, the United States of America. It’s easy to watch late night comedy clips of my president being ridiculed and to scan his Twitter feed from time to time and shake my head. But then I get to close the tabs on my computer and forget, at least for a while, that any of it is actually real.  My government recently emerged from the longest shutdown of its complicated little history. And lately, it’s become hard for me to ignore the cries from across the ocean. I’ll explain the basics of the government shutdown (because it really is a strange concept), but first I want to address something about my own politics.  Yes, I am a Democrat. Yes, I am extremely biased. This is an opinion piece, after all. However, I do not want my political leaning to invalidate anything I say, so I want to be clear when I say that I think Democrats and Republicans alike have put us in the place we are in right now. No one is faultless, nor is anyone completely guilty. This is ultimately a problem that we Americans have created for ourselves. To quote The Office : “When a child gets behind the wheel of a car and runs into a tree, you don’t blame the child. He didn’t know any better. You blame the 30-year-old woman who got in the passenger seat and said, ‘Drive, kid. I trust you.’” I’ll let you figure out who’s who in that scenario.  So, why did the U.S. government shut down? And what exactly does that mean? And why do no other countries’ governments shut down? The first government shutdown in my life was in 2013. I woke up,  heard from my parents that the government had shut down, and was so shocked that I didn’t know how to respond. I thought that was it, the apocalypse had arrived, the revolution had started, and we were all going to take to the streets Purge-style. In reality, it’s not nearly that exciting, and frankly, I didn’t understand the details myself before deciding to write this article. So, here it is, in the simplest way I can explain it.  II. What is a Government Shutdown and Why Does it Happen? In the U.S., a government shutdown happens when Congress does not agree on how to appropriate funds for the next fiscal year or when the president does not approve the appropriation. The most recent shutdown was triggered by Trump demanding $5.7 billion in the budget to build his border wall. The House of Representatives, majority-Democrat after our most recent elections, refused. So the budget didn’t pass, and the government shut down. During a shutdown, federal programs that are deemed “non-essential” close because they are not receiving any funding. Federal workers are either furloughed (sent home from work until the shutdown ends), or they continue to work without pay. Those that continue to work have essential roles, such as TSA workers, law enforcement, and border protection — roles that mostly relate to public safety. Everything else basically stops working: National Parks shut down, the Smithsonian museums close, the FDA stops doing food inspections, court cases are postponed, rent assistance is delayed… the list goes on and on.  So… How does this make sense? It seems to me that government shutdowns are an unavoidable consequence of maintaining strong checks-and-balances among government branches. When the House and the Senate cannot agree or when the President rejects their proposition, we do not have any sort of tie-breaker or third party who is supposed to step in an make the decision because that would be unfair… right?  While it was entertaining to watch the high school drama of U.S. politics play out, these personal attacks did nothing to end the shutdown faster and simply made both parties more stubborn.  The only way to end a shutdown is negotiation between the contending parties (with one exception that I’ll get to later), resulting in a budget that everyone agrees upon. But in this particular shutdown, the divide between parties deepened the fracture both in Congress and in the nation. Instead of resolving the budget issue quickly through private and mature negotiations, members of Congress and the president held steady in their positions and resorted to public humiliation, “hostage-taking,” and tit-for-tat antics. Most notable was the tension between democratic Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, and Trump. After Pelosi publicly announced that Trump would not be welcome in the House chamber to deliver the State of the Union address (a speech given annually by the president) until the shutdown was over, Trump canceled Pelosi’s trip to Brussels and Afghanistan less than an hour before her plane was set to leave.  While on the one hand it was entertaining to watch the high school drama of U.S. politics play out, these personal attacks between two of the most powerful people in our nation did nothing to end the shutdown faster and simply made both parties more stubborn. After 35 days, Trump announced that he would reopen the government with a bill that provided funding until February 15. This measure was meant to allow negotiations about the budget to continue without hundreds of thousands of federal workers having to continue working without pay or not working at all. I’ll get to an explanation of what happened after the 15th, but first I want to talk about the impact the shutdown had on Americans.  III. Who Did the Shutdown Affect? When Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer called Trump’s tactics “hostage-taking,” he hit at a key consequence of government shutdowns: the hundreds of thousands of federal workers who went without pay for over a month. After the shutdown started on December 22, 2018, more than 800,000 federal workers stopped receiving pay. Of those, roughly 350,000 had to keep working without pay. They missed two paychecks during the 35 days. Many of these workers struggled to get by during this period and protested on Capitol Hill with signs like “Congress gets paid while we get played” and “Hungry Hostage.” TSA workers began calling in sick or even quitting, putting extra pressure on those who decided to keep working (if you experienced long flight delays in December or January, now you know why). Many families working for the United States Coast Guard had to collect groceries from food pantries, and some also stopped receiving help paying for their housing.  But federal workers weren’t the only ones impacted by the shutdown. Tens of thousands of immigration hearings were canceled because immigration judges were furloughed, national parks staff were unable to respond to emergencies, NASA was unable to fix the broken Hubble Space Telescope, tourism suffered, and Native American tribes that rely on federal funding struggled to get food and healthcare. The list goes on.  IV. Was it Worth it? It is unclear whether or not the shutdown was worth it. After 35 days of suffering, our country had accomplished absolutely nothing. Some might argue that Pelosi and Democrats “won” the shutdown by standing their ground. But can this really be called a win when it happened at the expense of the American people? Can it be called a win when it pushed our parties further apart?   Can this really be called a win when it happened at the expense of the American people?  When Trump demanded the $5.7 billion, saying he would keep the government shut down for months or years until he got his wall, the Democratic opposition had a tough choice to make: they could succumb to his threats and let federal employees go back to work, or they could wait it out and stand behind their belief that $5.7 billion should not be spent on Trump’s vanity project. Blame started piling up on both sides, fingers were pointed, and in the end, everyone came out looking worse than they had before.  Finally, the shutdown was clearly not worth it for the president, who put himself in a tricky position that he could only get out of by conceding. He had a moment of realization that he is not always going to get what he wants with the newly democratic House of Representatives. Also, as the shutdown progressed, Trump’s approval rating among his main supporters dropped several percentage points, which is an obvious loss for him.  V. What Happens Next? Remember when I said earlier that the only way to end the shutdown was through negotiations, with one exception? So that was kind of true.  Negotiations have been going on for a few weeks now since the shutdown ended because Congress had until the 15th to decide on a new budget. The House and the Senate just passed the new spending package that includes $1.375 billion for 55 miles of fencing along the southern border — a measure that Trump previously rejected.  Trump has agreed to sign this new package. However, he has declared a national emergency to build the wall anyway. This would have been another way out of the shutdown, but he has put off taking this action until now.  The national emergency declaration deserves its own article, and it would be too complicated for me to get into the details in this article. Basically, the president has the right to declare a national emergency, which circumvents Congress and allows the president to siphon funds from other programs to build his wall. However, this measure has draw bipartisan opposition, and Trump is already facing multiple lawsuits.  After we have more information about Trump’s intentions with the national emergency, I will get started on writing a new article. VI. What Does All of This Mean for the United States and Why Should You Care? If there is one thing that has been made clear to me through this whole shutdown process, it is this: Donald Trump does not care about border security. Now I know that might be confusing because it seems like he is shaping his entire platform around border security, but I would suggest you look a bit further into his motivations. What Donald Trump really cares about is building a big wall that he can tell everyone in the world about, a wall that would surely come along with altered statistics about lower crime rates in the U.S., regardless of what the actual numbers reflect. His supporters on the right buy into this message because they too do not really care about border security — they care about the imagined symbol of the wall that would protect a white America from the outside world. I could write an entire article on Trump supporters (actually, maybe I will…), but the bottom line is that the president and conservative news outlets have repeatedly lied to the majority of Trump’s base, and they have this grand, constructed image of the illegal immigrant as the source of all of their problems. Well, the illegal immigrant and the liberals.  Anyway, Trump supporters and Trump himself are by no means representative of the Republican party. This shutdown really exposed the spectrum of political ideologies in Congress and in the United States, from the ultra liberal to the ultra conservative. In the end, I think ending the shutdown was one of the most respectable steps Trump has taken while in office (though of course, he also started it). It takes courage to concede in front of the nation, even if he tried to cover up his concession. Trump is a businessman, first and foremost, but it seems like the newly Democratic Congress might — might, I said — be teaching him how to be a politician.  So why should you, whoever you might be, care about all this nonsense? I think, whether you are from the U.S. or not, it can be very easy to criticize Donald Trump and blame him as the source of America’s current political state. He really is an easy target. But if you want to actually understand the state of the United States of America, you have to look beyond our ugly face. If the child driving our national car crashes into a tree, it is not just his fault. It is ours as well. And I think that if more people come to that realization, especially people from the U.S., then we can start making change.  End note 1: All photo credits are to Olive Honan (that’s me). End note 2: Several times in this article I used the terms “America” or “American” to refer to the United States or to U.S. Citizens. I recognize that Minerva is an international community and that America is a continent (or 2, depending on what they teach in your country), and it does not only refer to the United States. I used this terminology because it is standard when writing about the U.S., and frankly it sounds awkward to use the term “U.S. citizen”. I welcome further discussion about this in the comments section or directly to me, as long as the discussion is fruitful and open-minded.  End note 3: If anyone reading this article has a different opinion than mine about this topic or would like more information, I would love to talk about it! Please reach out to me, and I plan on writing more about U.S. politics in the future. I would also love it if students from other countries would write about the inner-workings of their countries’ politics so we can learn from each other. Thank you for reading.  
 This article is about the IRB process for Minerva Students writing their Capstone projects. IRB is the review board that anyone doing human subject research (HSR) at an institution must go through before they can begin to ensure and protect the rights and safety of all human subjects. More info on what the IRB is can be found at this link. Thirteen students from Minerva’s class of 2019 submitted their Human Subjects Research (HSR) protocols to the Claremont Institutional Review Board (IRB), but so far, the board has only granted approval to two of them, with five weeks to go until the universal Capstone deadline on March 23. The institution first notified students of the requirements for HSR at the beginning of the Fall 2018 term, and they experienced many challenges and delays along the way. Key issues were the convoluted user interface of the protocol submission platform and a lack of communication about IRB processes. The complications have forced some students to change their projects. Students whose Capstones suffered because of these issues have voiced their frustrations, and the Minerva administration is taking steps to prevent such problems in future years. Natalie Kanter, majoring in Social Sciences, submitted her complete protocol in the middle of December 2018, but it was not until January 2019 that all three IRB reviewers completed their evaluations. Describing the modules of the IRB protocol, Kanter complained: “Every part has its own ridiculous intricacies and confusions, and a bunch of back-and-forth between me, my advisor, and Josh Fost (Minerva’s Associate Dean of Graduate Studies and head of the HSR revision process), and [James Griffith – IRB Manager].”  The most frustrating part, she said, was finding out that another student, whose research questions were the same as hers, did not have to go through the IRB after he and his advisor emailed Professor Josh Fost. When she inquired with Dean Fost about this, he gave her the same response, albeit too late. Dean Fost attributed the failure of the process to a discrepancy between the working schedules of the partnering graduate institutes  – who review Minerva’s IRB protocols – and the fast pace of Minerva Schools. From the information Minerva released at the beginning of the Spring 2018 semester, students had the impression that the IRB works continually to assess protocols and respond to them immediately, yet the reality is that they only meet on a bi-monthly to monthly basis. Therefore, any replies would take at least two to three weeks to reach the researching student. The failure to account for these delays meant that the class of 2019 students could not proceed with crucial aspects of their projects until the Spring semester.  “The thing that I regret the most,” Dean Fost remarked, “is that I was excessively conservative and I basically recommended that anybody doing anything whatsoever related to human beings submit to Mentor (the protocol submission platform). I now realized that this killed several people that should never have been in the system.” To address this issue, Dean Fost has founded a committee within Minerva consisting of himself and four other faculty members who will determine if students’ project proposals need to go through IRB and to guide them through the process. Minerva will expect students in the class of 2020 to have received the final decision on their protocol by September 1st of their senior year, at which point, if they have not gotten approval or exemption, they are to omit the HSR aspects from their Capstone.
 MiPlanet, the class of 2021’s sustainability MiCo, challenged students in Hyderabad to live zero waste for a week. The more than 30 students who signed up for the challenge did their best to reduce and track what they threw away from February 25 – March 1.  At the beginning of the challenge, the MiPlanet team — led by Anna Yuryeva, Bianca Banks, and Tessa Owens — shared some of the many online guides to going zero waste. But they also addressed Hyderabad-specific topics by creating four videos sharing tips on reducing waste at the local grocery store, in residence hall apartments, in the bathroom, and out in the city. Many of the challenge participants succeeded in finding little ways to reduce their waste, like buying reusable produce bags, though few to none were able to actually eliminate waste for the week.  Overall, the MiPlanet organizers wanted to raise awareness about environmental issues within the community. While many Minerva students have taken at least some steps towards reducing their waste, others may not see sustainability as a top priority. “People have told me that just one person changing their lifestyle isn’t going to do anything,” Yuryeva said. “They don’t always understand the activism and awareness aspect of what we’re doing.” For the MiPlanet leaders, it is especially important for Minerva students to think about sustainability because many aspects of their “digital nomad” lifestyle are inherently damaging to the environment. Flying internationally at the start of each semester, not to mention students who travel more over breaks, adds up to a huge carbon footprint. Banks added that sustainability should be even more relevant for Minerva in light of its mission statement: “nurturing critical wisdom for the sake of the world.” Owens also noted the incredible amount of items left behind after each semester. “I’ve seen plastic organizers thrown away, entire bedding sets, and items that were used to decorate rooms for only a short few months,” she said. “It all accumulates to a gigantic pile of trash that we dump into our surrounding environment when we leave, jet-setting far away from everything we’ve discarded into the local community.” The MiPlanet team plans to keep working to improve sustainability within Minerva by organizing a zero waste week in each future rotation city. They are especially hopeful that the challenge will be even more successful in Berlin, where sustainable living is more feasible compared to packaging-heavy Seoul and Hyderabad. MiPlanet is also planning talks and co-curriculars to keep discussing environmental issues. “Thinking about things is always where it starts,” Yuryeva said. “I don’t expect people to go out of their way to get rid of their waste, but watching one of the videos could make someone think about sustainability more. As more information comes their way, they’ll be more receptive towards it and hopefully make changes.”
 Minerva’s student government body – Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) – hosted elections two weeks ago. In light of the elections, one student from the class of 2020 who eventually ran for an ASM position posted in a collective Facebook page for all current students about privilege and financial inequity at Minerva. The post stated, “We live in 7 countries, but we constantly experience the same lifestyle, which is often not representative of real life in these places.” Immediately following, a second-year student published a related opinion article, stating, “Minerva is an institution of privilege. It attracts privilege, it nurtures privilege, and in many ways, it seeks to maintain privilege.” The post and article argue that both the formal institutions of Minerva and informal student culture tend to exclude and ignore students who are less well off. Informal student conversations on the issue have continued, while Minerva staff organized a meeting on March 12th, 2019 for an open conversation on the matter. This conversation will take place following the Finance and Student Service team’s recent announcement: “costs for tuition for the academic year are changing due to inflation and the increased cost of business in both the San Francisco and our global Minerva Cities.”   “We want to approach [the issue] in a systematic and comprehensive way to avoid several uncoordinated actions that are not comprehensive or effective in the long run.”  The Minerva website claims to offer “… tuition that is about a quarter of that of other top universities.” Its financial aid package consists of 300 hours of work-study per year, students loans, and scholarships. However, it is up to the students and their families to manage expenses for the annual family contribution, flights, visas, food, insurance, technology, books and supplies, and city transportation. Teri Cannon, Chief Student Affairs, Operations, and Accreditation Officer, commented on the matter to The Quest “[The senior team is] very interested in understanding more deeply the challenges outlined, their outlying causes, and the effects on students.” She also reported, “We want to approach [the issue] in a systematic and comprehensive way to avoid several uncoordinated actions that are not comprehensive or effective in the long run.”   “We understand that the Senior Team would like to present as much information as possible about how financial aid is calculated but is worried that this knowledge is vulnerable to abuse. “ The newly elected ASM is working closely with the senior team, Cannon further mentioned, and ASM and members of the administration held a meeting to discuss the issues on March 1. The ASM team intends to assign a working group with one of the representatives to facilitate student input and achieve intended goals in the near future. They are working to release calculations for each student’s financial aid package and make them more transparent.  Francesca, an ASM representative for the class of 2020 elaborated at the ASM open office hours this past Wednesday, “We understand that the Senior Team would like to present as much information as possible about how financial aid is calculated but is worried that this knowledge is vulnerable to abuse. As such, the ASM is actively working with the administration to find a solution that is both transparent and secure for all parties involved.”  More updates to come as students meet this coming Tuesday, March 12, to discuss further institutional and informal changes. 
 Join Dinara and the class of 2021 to as they find adventures in different parts of India! Tune in to see them dance on 2.5 billion-year-old rocks, travel to Taj Mahal, and talk about love. 
 It’s halfway through the semester, and the M20s are loving it in Buenos Aires. Tune in to see what they have been up to, including an empanada eating competition and a dive into what our students think about socio-economic disparities at Minerva.
 Meet Karina! Our new M22 vlogger. In this vlog, she will be taking you along with her throughout her weekend in San Francisco. Check out the Trinidad and Tobago 10:01, students attending the Commonwealth Club anniversary party (#cityimmersion??), and meet some of Karina’s Classmates!
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Decoding Art and Literature course by Kayla Cohen, Minerva Class of 2019.  Kayla is a double-major student of Arts and Humanities and Natural Sciences. To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  In 2010, Walt Disney Pictures released its much anticipated rendition of the Brothers Grimm fairy tale ​Rapunzel. The animation studio has wanted to reinvent the tale since the 1940s, and have finally found their “twist” in the form of ​Tangled. ​The film came out to mixed reviews, dividing critics as to its feminist message, or lack thereof. In this essay, I employ Judith Butler’s theory of gender performativity to analyse the performance of gender in ​Tangled ​and how it compares to the original 1812 Brothers Grimm tale ​Rapunzel. ​I analyse both works for their content and form, revealing significant differences between their respective portrayals of young and old female characters, as well as a changed overall message. Ultimately, I argue that despite the problematic depictions of older women as villain, the reimagining of Rapunzel as an active heroine signifies a step in a promising direction. On November 24th, 2010, ​Tangled ​was released to audiences worldwide, advertising “a rollicking adventure that ends with love” (Barnes, 2010). The studio had hitherto held off retelling the story due to difficulties “looking for a way in”, struggling to apply action to the plot and pluck to its heroine. In an interview with ​The New York Times ​, Producer Mr. Lasseter explained that the biggest question was how “to make Rapunzel feel like a smart, clever, educated, healthy, fun human being — who has never left a tower in 18 years” (Barnes, 2010). Directors Nathan Greno and Byron Howard also conveyed their desire to make Rapunzel a “very modern heroine” and “to try to flip the characters in general, so that your expectations… will be completely reversed” (Empire Magazine, 2011). Some critics congratulated them on their aspiration and success: Todd McCarthy of the ​The Hollywood Reporter ​who admired the film for its “forthrightly adventurous heroine” (McCarthy, 2010). Similarly, ​Common Sense Media ​described the movie as “positive and inspiring” due to its “messages about girl power and seeing beyond appearances” (Chen, n.d.). However, other critics were less impressed, calling it “a traditional romance at heart” and felt disarmed by “how traditional it actually remains” in terms of heteronormativity (Robey, 2013). Disney’s sentiments and the reviewer’s comments suggest a contemporary awareness for issues around gender equality, especially with regards to fairy tales – a genre that is thought to harbor “deeply entrenched sexism” (Henneberg, 2010, p.126). At the very least, whether ​Tangled ​is adequately progressive or not, it can provide an update as to how gender plays out in modern times, for a modern audience. In her foundational essay “Performative Acts and Gender Constitution: An Essay in Phenomenology and Feminist Theory”, philosopher and gender theorist Judith Butler suggests that gender be thought of as a performance “reified and naturalized” through “the stylized repetition of acts through time” (Butler, 1988, p.520). She describes gender identity as comprising nothing more than various repeated actions, such as bodily gestures and movements that “constitute the illusion of an abiding gendered self” (Butler, 1988, p.519). For Butler, “gender is not a fact” but a social construction or “strategy of survival” that must be decoded and dismantled (Butler, 1988, p.522). By claiming that repeated performances can lead to the naturalisation of that performance over time, Butler’s theory suggests an understanding of fairy tales as comprising various gender and gendered performances. Indeed, the genre’s 200 year-old history can be thought of as one long parade of gender performances, ranging from the princess in the tower, to the evil stepmother, to the saviour Prince Charming. Since its publication in the first edition of the Grimm Brothers’ ​Children’s and Household Tales ​, the characters of Rapunzel and Mother Gothel have been employed under various guises to perform differing versions of femininity or “femaleness”. Tangled ​represents the latest “display” in this unending parade, and is thus significant to discuss. How might Butler and other feminist critics interpret the film’s narrative arc and characterisation for messages about gender? The audience first form an impression of Rapunzel during her opening song “When Will my Life Begin?” in which she lists her daily activities. Despite living in captivity, Rapunzel shows herself to be remarkably productive, doing “puzzles and darts, and baking / Papier mache, a bit of ballet and chess / Pottery and ventriloquy, candle making” as well as reading, painting, and playing guitar (Slater & Menken, 2010). The filmmakers are clearly attempting to create an active heroine figure, distinct from the passive princess figure awaiting a princely rescue. In fact, when rapscallion Flynn Rider climbs his way into her chamber Rapunzel does not swoon or plead for him to free her, but rather knocks him out with a frying pan (Image 1). Her priority is to protect herself against Flynn’s supposed attempt to steal her hair, which is imbued with special powers. Interestingly, she seems oblivious to any sexual threat that this male intruder might pose. Rapunzel displays the extent of her naivety when she is simply confused by Flynn’s suggestive introduction, “I know not who you are, nor how I came to find you, but may I just say… Hi. How ya doin’? The name’s Flynn Rider” (“Script for Tangled”, n.d). He continues to try to charm Rapunzel by landing her “the smoulder” (Image 2) but she remains unmoved, unable to read his sexual cues. Thus, while Disney has created an active protagonist able to protect herself, Rapunzel’s sexual nativity is central to her characterisation and implies to movie-going audiences that sexual inexperience, either due to innocence or lack of autonomy, is desirable in young women. Image 1. Rapunzel shows her self-protection skills. Time 0.28.42 Image 2. Flynn gives Rapunzel “The Smoulder”. Time: 0.29.49 In his damning critique for the ​The Times Higher Education, ​fairytale theorist Jack Zipes positions ​Tangled ​within the tradition of Disney films which “tend to demonise older women and infantilize young women” (Zipes, 2011). His claim suggests that Disney abides by a formulaic performance of gender such that older women are repeatedly depicted as evil and younger women are consistently portrayed as innocent. This is glaringly apparent in Greno and Howard’s characterisation of Mother Gothel. The directors claim to have created “the most manipulating villain of all time”, nonchalantly turning the role of Mother Gothel into the “bad guy” (Empire Magazine, 2011). However, in the original story, the identity of the villain is ambiguous, and Zipes argues that this demonisation of Gothel is misleading. Instead, Zipes interprets Gothel as well-meaning, participating in “the initiation ritual of young girls led by older wise women who keep them in isolation in order to protect them” (Zipes, 2011). In this way, Disney’s performance of the female gender in ​Tangled, ​especially as it pertains to the portrayal of older women, can be seen as straying from the original representation. It should be mentioned that the 1812 version of the tale is only a few pages long and does not offer much by way of characterisation. The emphasis is on ​what happens ​, rather than ​by whom ​it is done and ​why ​. The Grimm brothers call Mother Gothel “a fairy”, and give no further explanation of her powers (Grimm, Grimm, Zipes & Dezco, 2014). When she finds an intruder stealing rapunzel from her garden, Gothel “angrily berated him” but given the circumstances, her show of anger might be excused and certainly does qualify as ​villain ​material (Grimm et al. 2014). However, when she tells the intruder to take “as much rapunzel [plant] as you like, but only if you give me the child that your wife is carrying” a sinister quality is revealed (Grimm et al. 2014). Again, her intentions for striking this extraordinary deal remain unknown. Her “fairy” powers could have manipulated the situation so that the intruder stole the rapunzel and then feel obliged to hand over his child. However, it is possible that Gothel meant well, seeking to save an unborn child from a thieving father who she deemed unfit for the task of parenting. Thus, so far, Mother Gothel cannot be seen as ​villain ​. Unlike in ​Tangled, ​where Rapunzel is held in captivity from zero to eighteen years-old, Gothel only hides Rapunzel at the age of twelve. The Grimm brothers write that “Rapunzel grew to be the most beautiful child under the sun. But when she turned twelve, the fairy locked her in a very high tower” (Grimm et al. 2014). This excerpt is crucial because it implies Rapunzel’s beauty is the cause of Mother Gothel’s decision to hide her away. The fact that the tower “had neither doors nor stairs” further indicates Mother Gothel’s maternal desire to save Rapunzel from harm, making it impossible for anyone to reach her. The authenticity of her maternal care, however, is called into question when she furiously banishes a pregnant Rapunzel for having “betrayed” her with a male intruder (Grimm et al. 2014). Rapunzel is outcast to “a desolate land, where she had to live in great misery… [with] twins”, evoking the reader’s sympathies and stoking their dislike for Gothel. However, underage pregnancy is a difficult situation for a parent-figure to process, and Mother Gothel might be excused her extreme response. Overall, her minimal characterisation is such that the reader can either interpret her as highly moral or highly mean. Either she is a good fairy who wants to save a child from a thieving father and lustful men, and banishes Rapunzel because she finds her betrayal immoral; or she is an ill-spirited fairy who manipulates a loving father into giving away his child who she then locks up and eventually banishes. Accordingly, while ​Tangled ​might have one hour and forty minutes to develop Mother Gothel’s character, the Grimm brothers succeed at creating a more complicated portrayal that escapes the binary of good and evil. The representation of older women in ​Tangled ​is strikingly negative. Mother Gothel is the only female character above the age of forty and she is depicted as “a vicious, selfish woman bent on keeping her source of youth no matter what the cost to other human beings” (Nelson, 2015). In the film, Rapunzel’s hair has special powers that Gothel hoards in order to stay young. Thus, Rapunzel is framed as the victim to an older woman’s vanity and self-interest. When Flynn cuts Rapunzel’s hair, causing it to lose its powers, Gothel ages within seconds (Image 3) and running toward the shattered mirror recoils at the monstrosity that she has become (Image 4).  Image 3. Mother Gothel “hyper-ages.” Time 1.24.47 Image 4. Mother Gothel’s Horrifying Image. Time 1.24.54 Gothel’s dependence on Rapunzel’s hair may be read as performance of old-young female relations whereby older women attempt to live vicariously through their younger counterparts. It is possible, even, to suppose some jealousy between Gothel and the youthful Rapunzel. Indeed, Gothel does not simply want the service of Rapunzel’s hair, but also to prevent her prisoner from falling in love and perchance living happily ever after. This is most clearly exemplified in the penultimate scene when Gothel fatally stabs Rapunzel’s burgeoning crush, Flynn Rider, (Image 5) before beckoning Rapunzel into a dark dungeon inside the tower (Image 6). Thus, it may be argued that the Grimm brothers’ ambiguous characterisation of Gothel is in fact preferable to Disney’s univocal presentation of older women as ​villain. Image 5. Mother Gothel fatally stabs Rapunzel’s love interest. Time: 1.22.27 Image 6. Mother Gothel tries to hide Rapunzel where no one can save her. Time: 1.22.50 Given how much Disney has changed the story of Rapunzel, does it still make sense to consider ​Tangled ​a fairy tale at all? Perhaps critics such as Zipes would argue not. He thinks that the film “trampled over the Grimms’ and other versions of the Rapunzel tale,” lamenting, “gone are any hints that Rapunzel might reflect a deeper meaning and history” (Zipes, 2011). His remarks stem from a methodology of interpretation called Hermeneutics, which strives “to find the spirit of the whole through the individual, and through the whole to grasp the individual” (Mantzavinos, 2016). In other words, Zipes believes that Disney should have done more to understand the whole before contributing its part. Hermeneutic scholars view every text as a “partial-expression” of its genre, and so too does Zipes position ​Tangled ​within its fairy tale context. Perhaps the reason why he is so staunch in his critique is because new adaptations of Grimm classics inevitably influence popular conceptions about the genre at large, such that every “new text evokes for the reader… the horizon of expectations and rules familiar from earlier texts, which are then varied, corrected, changed or just reproduced.” (Jauss & Benzinger, 1970). Thus, there is a degree of interdependence between works of the same genre, whereby they co-define “the horizon of expectations” that then determines how a given text or film is understood by audiences. Even if Disney is squandering the reputation of fairy tales and warping the genre’s gender representations beyond all recognition, their blockbuster hits should still be included in the annals of fairy tale history. An examination of the history of Brother Grimm tales reveals that, at core, the genre is dynamic and the evolution of its stories inevitable. In his comprehensive introduction to the ​The Original Folk and Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm, ​Zipes explains that after the initial 1812 edition, “the Grimms went on to publish six more editions and made immense changes in them so that the final 1857 edition has relatively little in common with the first edition” (Grimm et al. 2014). He describes numerous deletions and additions that came to pass over the years, and how the tales shifted from an historiographic project documenting the oral literary traditions of the German people into a creative enterprise (Grimm et al. 2014). The Grimm brothers did not write the tales themselves, but rather collected them from their friends and colleagues, as well as from “informants from diverse social classes” (Grimm et al. 2014). They were philologists, trying to save a rich oral tradition from disappearing. Zipes explains that, at the turn of the 19th century, “the Germanic culture had become academically divided… into different disciplines such as religion, law, literature, and so on, and its cohesion could be restored only through historical investigation” (Grimm et al. 2014). Thus, it seems that the brothers took it upon themselves to “create a stronger… sense of… community among the German people” through the study of old German “epics, sagas, and tales that contained what they thought were essential truths about the German cultural heritage” (Grimm et al. 2014). The first edition featured minimal creative input from the brothers, who “endeavoured to keep their hands off the tales… and reproduce them more or less as they heard them or received them”. Thus, their ​Children’s and Household Tales ​can be interpreted as an historiographical text, chronicling the story of Germanic tales through the stories themselves and based on a critical examination of a range of sources. Just like Disney does today, brother Wilhelm Grimm “favored more drastic poetical editing of the collected tales”, arguing that it is in the very nature of these tales to “continue to move around in endless variations” (Grimm et al. 2014). Wilhelm changed the tales to better suit the taste of German middle-class readers, abstaining from cruelty and adding Christian symbolism. Thus, the tradition of tampering with fairy tale content, attempting to strip them down to their “essential message”, began with the Grimm brothers themselves and Disney may be forgiven for simply following in the footsteps of the genre’s forefathers. For feminist critics concerned at the sexism propagated by fairy tales, the plasticity of the genre might be cause for optimism. Indeed, if in its 200-year long history, fairy tales have drastically changed in message and character representation, then there is no reason why it can’t transform again – this time toward gender equality. Indeed, while ​Tangled ​might not have been the revolution we’ve been waiting for, it does show some promise. For example, at the end, when Rapunzel and Flynn kiss for the first time, Rapunzel holds Flynn’s weight as she scoops him in her arms in what is traditionally a male gesture (Image 7). This demonstrates a deviation away from the usual gender performances of Disney films. Alas, this deviation is immediately “corrected for” when Flynn makes a joke about Rapunzel asking him to get married instead of the more conventional ​boy asks girl ​ proposal, saying: “I am pleased to tell you that after years and years of asking, and asking, and asking, I finally said yes… All right, I asked her” (“Script for Tangled”, n.d). Here, the film conveys mixed messages about female agency, overlaying an image of female empowerment with a voice over narration that makes a joke out of it. Image 7. Rapunzel holds Flynn as they kiss in the famous “dip” position. Time: 1.30.54 Perhaps then, it would be wise not to ask too much of Disney and to look elsewhere for the gender representation “makeover” that many think the genre needs. As Butler herself explains, “those who fail to do their gender right are regularly punished” and in the movie-making industry this means failing to present a conventional heroine and then making a loss at the box office. The asymmetry between the cost of making a film and the cost of publishing a fairy tale is such that we might expect writers to pioneer gender equality norms and hope that Hollywood follow suit. Even if books have smaller audiences than blockbusters, both art forms work within the same genre and writers can produce at a more prolific pace to change sexist norms within fairy tales. In conclusion, my comparing ​Tangled ​with the original ​Rapunzel ​has provided an insight into how performances of femaleness has evolved over the 200 years since the fairy tale genre was established, and although ​Tangled ​ might not be making large strides toward gender equality, I think it constitutes a step. Even if the tales aren’t going so “happily” at the moment, at least they are “ever after”.
 Join Kah Yee and the class of 2019 in the biggest crunch week of their entire Minerva career. As the deadline for their Capstone projects draw closer, tune in to see how their stressed has evolved into hysteria as Natalie begins to talk to her laptop. 
 On Friday, March 8, millions of Argentine women took to the streets of Buenos Aires, surrounding the Congress building in Plaza del Congreso for the annual protest for women’s rights in honor of International Women’s Day. In recent years, Argentine politics have increasingly involved topics of gender-based violence, equal pay, sexual harassment, objectification of women, gay & transgender rights, and legal abortion. Gender issues make up a significant part of Argentina’s political discourse (including around the upcoming general election). The most recent incident that sparked outrage is the case of an 11-year-old girl who had to go under C-section after being denied abortion by the local government. The march was a highlight in the SXP calendar for the M20 cohort in Buenos Aires. There were roughly 30 women at the discussion prior to the march and who continued to participate on the streets. Laura Corallini – Global Director of Student Affairs – gave a short introduction of the history and importance of the protest.  “If we stop [working], the world stops!” is a famous quote from the women’s protest in Spain that resonates with many in Buenos Aires. The march symbolizes, both figuratively and literally, the economic, social and political importance of women in Argentina’s society.  In recent years, most organizers have been focused on the topic of abortion, the legalization of which was denied by Congress last year. Men are encouraged not to join the march. During the discussion, Minerva women raised questions about the social disparities between those able, and those unable, to join the strike.  The streets of Buenos Aires were crowded with women of all ages, from white-haired grandmothers to little kids propped up on the shoulders of their mothers. Support from other movements and organizations, like the NiUnaMenos movement (which works to prevent gender violence) and several labor unions and political parties, came in large numbers. Women from an indigenous organization energized the crowd by dancing and singing as they marched. In the evening, Minerva students saw schoolchildren marching through the streets, shouting slogans in their uniforms.  Rodri (SXP staff), Eric, Alex, and Nadav (all male students from the class of 2020) stayed back at the residence to prepare dinner for those who participated in the protest. As Rodri said during the discussion before the march, men are encouraged to support women on this day; not with gifts or kind words, but by enabling them to march. This sentiment was expressed for all Minerva students involved with the provision of a warm dinner after several hours out on the streets! Update: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated the location of the March as being in Plaza De Mayo – this has been corrected to the accurate location of the March: Plaza del Congreso
 In this most recent vlog from M’22 in San Francisco, Karina shows you the reactions of Minervans who read Minerva & Harvard reviews on Quora. Watch on to see those reactions, as well as Ascent weekend and an auto show!
 Liberty Pim (2020) brings us this podcast discussing one of the central issues of the Women’s March in Buenos Aires; the exclusion of men.  Listen on for a fascinating dive into the reasons behind the March, different Minervan’s views on the demonstration, and its distinct lack of men. Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest Sound Cloud – you’ll be updated when we upload new podcasts like this one!
 SAN FRANCISCO — Less than a month after the U.S. college admissions scandal first made headlines, Minerva Schools at KGI has announced its plans to launch its own admissions scandal, projected to break some time in 2020.  “At Minerva, we pride ourselves in offering everything a traditional university offers, but in an intentional, better way,” said Ben Nelson, founder of the Minerva Project.  The university announced its plans last Friday in a press conference that mostly focused on the ways traditional admissions scandals are “outdated” and failing to prepare the fraudulent parents of the future.  “At Minerva, we believe we can create the scandal of the 21st century,” said Robin Goldberg during a Q&A with the press, “Minerva doesn’t have a crew team or a loyal and wealthy alumni network, but we don’t think we need those things to give students the tools they need to cheat their way through life.”  The tone of the press conference was resoundingly confident and self-assured, although an inside source told The Meekly that behinds the scenes, the admissions team was kicking themselves for not thinking of having a scandal sooner. “The sports thing really couldn’t be helped,” said the source who agreed to be quoted on the condition of anonymity, “but they’re pretty upset that they didn’t even think to let social media influencers pay their way in. I mean, Minerva is basically the university equivalent of Instagram models: online and fake.” No information has yet been released on the nature of the scandal being planned, but Chief Accreditation Officer Teri Cannon assured the crowds that it would be “really very special.” Cannon declined to comment on whether the scandal would, in fact, affect Minerva’s accreditation, but did try to squash the rumors that Minerva is announcing this plan in response to Stanford’s involvement in the current admissions scandal.  “Minerva is in no way attempting to duplicate the tired, elitist practices of Stanford,” Cannon said in her concluding statement, “Why — did they mention us?” 
 It’s almost the end of the semester in India, and the M21s are making the best out of their break. Tune in to see their celebration of the Holi festival, Quinquatria performances and the amazingly adventurous road trip in the Lesser Himalayas. 
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s series featuring final projects of Minerva students. This piece was written for Minerva’s Cognitive Neuroscience course, by Antonia Boorman, Minerva Class of 2020.  To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  Why do heartbreaks hurt so much? Why does the pain you experience from a broken heart physically feel like an open wound? Why is it so hard to stop thinking about your ex or resist the urge to text them? Last week, my partner broke up with me. We had been dating for 2.5 years and I honestly didn’t see it coming. Going through this emotional and painful break-up, I decided to turn to the therapy I know best; Neuroscience. I wanted to know exactly what is happening in my brain to make me feel such intense pain in my break-up and why I found it so difficult not to relapse into texting my ex or giving up all self-worth and agreeing to sell my soul in order to get him back. So I decided to dedicate my final project to examining the neuroscience of heartbreak to discover the answers to these questions and hopefully help myself heal along the way. The main components that I will be examining in this paper are: how the brain reacts to heartbreak and why we feel physical pain from an emotional experience; why when you’ve experienced a break-up, you find yourself constantly thinking of them, struggling to focus, as well as resist the urge to stalk them on social media or text/call them; and lastly, how to overcome heartbreak by understanding the neural underpinnings of what is happening in the brain. When people experience heartbreak they describe feeling their pain physically; “my heart is broken”, “it was a slap in the face”, “my heart aches”, etc. Why? There is significant evidence to suggest a neural overlap between the experiencing of physical and social pain. To experience physical pain, there is a network inside the brain that can be summarized into two core stages; the registering of pain (sensory-discriminative) and the feeling of pain (affective-motivational) (Treede, Kenshalo, Gracely, & Jones, 1999). When someone experiences physical pain, there is activation in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) and the anterior insula (AI) which is also activated when a person experiences social rejection or exclusion (Tchalova & Eisenberger, 2015). This suggests that when someone describes their heartbreak as “hurting” there is a biological component backing this (Kross, Berman, Mischel, Smith, & Wager, 2011). Furthermore, animal lesion studies in monkeys have illustrated that the dACC regulates separation distress. Lesions in the ACC, dorsal and ventral, resulted in the monkeys’ antisocial behaviour such as disinterest in proximity seeking (Hadland et al., 2003). Monkeys who were previously distressed by separation from loved ones lost their distressed symptoms after the lesions occurred. Fisher gathered a group of individuals, 15 participants total, who were “happily in love” to study the effect of love on the brain (Fisher, 2001). Using an fMRI, she scanned the participants as they looked at a photograph of their beloved and during the viewing of the control of an acquaintance, interspersed with a distraction-attention task. She found activity in the ventral tegmental area (VTA) which is involved in the brain’s reward system and within the A10 cells which contribute to the creation of dopamine (Fisher, 2001). These areas have been known to be part of the reptilian core of the brain (Fisher, 2001) that is associated with motivation, craving, and focus (Fisher, 2001). Lastly, activation of the insular cortex was found which justifies the intense range of emotions expressed during a breakup (Fisher, 2001). Fisher repeated this experiment with participant experiencing a recent painful breakup (Fisher, 2010). Using fMRI, she tested another 15 participants who had recently experienced a breakup (within 2 weeks) and still felt “intensely in love” (Fisher, 2010). Under the fMRI, she discovered activation of the VTA bilaterally, ventral striatum, medial and lateral orbitofrontal/prefrontal cortex, and cingulate gyrus (Fisher, 2010). These areas have been previously identified within tasks involving gains and losses, craving and emotion regulation (Fisher, 2010). Fisher found that adversity, such as heartbreak, tends to heighten the craving of the partner that the strong social bond has been created with (Fisher, 2001) and that since this reward (ie. rush of dopamine from interacting with the partner) is delayed, the reward-expecting neurons within the reward system prolong their activity waiting for that rush, making it difficult to move on. This can explain why after a breakup an individual may crave their partner and find it difficult to focus on other things. Oxytocin, aka the “love hormone”, develops to form and strengthen social bonds. Oxytocin is produced in the hypothalamus and is produced at its highest levels during times of high happiness (such as love) and social stress (such as separation). It is especially present in females, produced during pregnancy to strengthen the bonds between mother and child (DeAngelis, 2008). Dopamine, associated with increased pleasure and reward-seeking, and Serotonin, associated with mood-regulation and happiness, also are present when people fall in love (Fisher, 2016). For example, Dopamine is released during an orgasm, which results in an intensely pleasurable experience, yet so is oxytocin and vasopressin, which are the neurochemicals associated with love-bonding and attachment, which is why it’s incredibly easy to fall in love with someone you’re “just hooking up with” (Fisher, 2016). During a breakup, we lose our regular supply of these neurochemicals; oxytocin, dopamine, and serotonin. This then leads to an experience similar to a drug addict experiencing withdrawal, the experience of which results from the loss of the same neurochemicals (Fisher, 2016). When examined using fMRI, again by Fisher (2016), comparing the brains of individuals experiencing a breakup and those experiencing cocaine withdrawals, Fisher found that not only we both sets of individuals suffering from the aforementioned neurochemical withdrawal but also showed activation of the subcortical reward system in the forebrain; the ventral striatum and region of the nucleus accumbens core, ventral/ pallidum/putamen, and orbitofrontal/prefrontal cortex (Fisher 2016). The nucleus accumbens and the prefrontal cortex are strongly correlated with the feeling of craving and resistance difficulty, outlining why obsessive behaviors such as stalking social media, compulsive texting and thinking about their partner constantly are to be expected (Fisher 2016 ). This link between drug addiction and romantic love highlights how hard breakups and separation from a partner can be for an individual to cope with (Fisher 2016). Another example from animal studies (Grippo, Porges & Carter, 2007) illustrates that female prairie voles separated from their siblings for 4 weeks experienced separation anxiety, stress, and depression. When these voles were given either oxytocin or saline (control) daily, the voles receiving oxytocin no longer exhibited symptoms of separation anxiety, stress, and depression, while the voles receiving saline treatment continued to exhibit these symptoms (Grippo, Porges & Carter, 2007). So, how can a person overcome this neurobiological addiction to their ex that physically cause them pain? In order to dissolve the oxytocin enriched neurological love bond, a theory from Fisher is to go “love sober” for at least 30 days (Fisher, 2016), meaning that you lose contact completely with your partner; no calling/texting, no stalking social media, and especially no sex with them (which will completely undo any progress made as orgasm releases extremely high oxytocin and dopamine levels). This hasn’t been tested empirically, however, which is what I propose to do. The addictive nature of this neurochemical in the brain examined above exemplifies that this will not be an easy thing to do, meaning that using an alternate supply of oxytocin may be needed to aid this progress. Antidepressants may be used to cure the pain of a broken heart, however, they reduce dopamine levels by increasing serotonin levels (Fisher, 2004). This can be effective to the extent that it will kill the individual’s sex drive or desire for love, and without this, it will reduce the flow of oxytocin and dopamine, which could reduce attachment to a partner (Fisher, 2004). Yet, by putting a person on antidepressants this demolition of the sex drive will mean that the individual would most likely lose interest in anyone, not just their ex, which could be problematic (Fisher, 2004). I hypothesize that if there is an increase in oxytocin levels in an individual, through direct intervention, then this will be more beneficial than an increase in serotonin levels (through direct intervention) in terms of reducing social pain while reducing attachment levels which will be seen through the individual experiencing less pain and less attachment, which will be reported through the questionnaires described below. I further hypothesize that if the 30-day period is followed strictly, it will be effective. To test this I propose an experiment with two main approaches; The first approach concerns humans, around 60 participants will be needed. The famous Fisher experiment of showing the individuals pictures of their recent ex and measuring brain activity using an fMRI will be repeated. I hypothesis to find the same results as Fisher has reported. The participants will be divided into 4 groups. All but one group (Group D) will be instructed to strictly follow the 30 days love-sober period; they must block their ex on social media, not contact them and not intentionally seek to see them in person. On top of this, Group A will receive a daily dose of oxytocin for the last 2 weeks of the 30 day period; Group B will receive a daily dose of serotonin for the same period, and Group C will receive no further intervention. After 30 days, the same experiment will be repeated and their brains scanned using an fMRI to see if the brain areas previously activated (VTA and dorsal striatum) are again activated. Accompanying this before and after the 30 day period, participants will fill out a questionnaire reporting their feelings of love, pain, and attachment related to their ex-partner. The comparison between Group C and Group D will examine whether or not the 30 day period has been effective and to what extent. The comparison between Group A and Group B will examine the effects of oxytocin and serotonin as a therapeutic pharmaceutical way of replacing the oxytocin and dopamine lost from the breakup. After the experiment detailed above, I hypothesize to no longer see activation in the VTA and the dorsal striatum related to viewing the pictures of their ex from Group A and Group B. The extent to which this is seen, plus the feedback from the questionnaire, will be used to assess which neurochemical, serotonin or oxytocin, is more effective at curing a broken heart. If there is no longer see activation in the VTA and the dorsal striatum from Group C then it can be concluded that no intervention is needed, just space and time. To conclude, this experiment would be a significant contribution to the field of cognitive neuroscience and to the benefit of society by examining heartbreak enough to help individuals through it with the use of pharmaceuticals. Using the experiment detailed above, cognitive scientists will have a more concrete idea of how separation from a partner affects the brain and how different neurochemicals can quicken the healing process by reducing attachment to a partner and thus the addictive properties. This way we will have a more holistic understanding of how social pain, such as heartbreak, effects the brain and will have an idea of which neurochemical influx can be used to inform public policy such as the creation of oxytocin based pharmaceuticals to help a person heal less painfully and more effectively, making heartbreaks a less painful experience Neurofeedback is a controversial therapy technique where the participant uses fMRI or EEG to see the neural activity of their symptoms. It’s been used for anxiety, depression, autism, and ADHD. The technique implies that once people see what is happening in their brains, they are able to understand it and try to change it to the desired state. The effect of neurofeedback may just be based on the placebo effect and can be very costly for treatment. Yet, for some, it works. For me, researching the neuroscience of heartbreak and understanding my own pain in terms of the biological processes within my brain has really helped me to feel less pain. I understand that it’s okay to feel the pain in the same way that if I broke my leg it’s okay to experience that pain. I’ve learned how to combat that pain by supplying myself with oxytocin in the form of friendship, exercise, and chocolate! I will also be attempting the 30-day no contact period so see if it works for me. Writing this assignment has helped me to learn and directly apply my understanding of neuroscience to make a positive healing effect in my life. DeAngelis, T. (2008). The two faces of oxytocin. Retrieved from https://www.apa.org/monitor/feb08/oxytocin Fisher, H. (2001). Lust, attraction, and attachment in mammalian reproduction. Human Nature, 9(1), 23-52. doi: 10.1007/s12110-998-1010-5 Fisher, H. (2006). Why we love, why we cheat. Retrieved from https://www.ted.com/talks/helen_fisher_tells_us_why_we_love_cheat?language=en Fisher, H., Acevedo, B., Aron, A., Brown, L. (2011). Neural correlates of long-term intense romantic love. doi:10.1093/scan/nsq092 Retrieved from: http://www.helenfisher.com/downloads/articles/Acevedo-et-alLong-term.pdf Fisher, H., Brown, L., Aron, A., Strong, G., Mashek, D. (2010). Reward, Addiction, and Emotion Regulation Systems Associated With Rejection in Love. J Neurophysiol 104: 51– 60, 2010. First published May 5, 2010; doi:10.1152/jn.00784.2009. Retrieved from: https://www.physiology.org/doi/pdf/10.1152/jn.00784.2009 Grippo, A., Trahanas, D., Zimmerman, R., Porges, S., & Carter, C. (2010). Oxytocin protects against negative behavioral and autonomic consequences of long-term social isolation. Retrieved from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2841348/ Hadland, K. A., Rushworth, M. F.S, Gaffan, D., & Passingham, R. E. (2003). The effect of cingulate lesions on social behaviour and emotion. Neuropsychologia, 41, 919–931. Retrieved from: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0028393202003251 Kross, E., Berman, M. G., Mischel, W., Smith, E. E., & Wager, T. D. (2011). Social rejection shares somatosensory representations with physical pain. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 108, 6270–6275. Retrieved from: https://www.pnas.org/content/pnas/108/15/6270.full.pdf National Academy of Sciences, 108, 6270–6275. Retrieved from: https://www.pnas.org/content/pnas/108/15/6270.full.pdf Kross, E., Egner, T., Ochsner, K., Hirsch, J., & Downey, G. (2007). Neural dynamics of rejection sensitivity. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, 19, 945–956. Retrieved from: https://www.mitpressjournals.org/doi/10.1162/jocn.2007.19.6.945 Najib, A., Lorberbaum, JP., Kose, S., Bohning, DE., George, MS. (2004). Regional brain activity in women grieving a romantic relationship breakup. Am J Psychiatry;161(12):2245-56. Retrieved from: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15569896 Rainville, P., Carrier, B., Hofbauer, R. K., Bushnell, M. C., & Duncan, G. H. (1999). Dissociation of sensory and affective dimensions of pain using hypnotic modulation. Pain, 82, 159–171. Retrieved from: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304395999000482 Roberts, J., Lugo-Morales, L., Loziuk, P., & Sombers, L. (2012). Real-Time Chemical Measurements of Dopamine Release in the Brain. Methods In Molecular Biology, 275-294. doi: 10.1007/978-1-62703-251-3_16 Tchalova K., and Eisenberger N.I. (2015). How the Brain Feels the Hurt of Heartbreak: Examining the Neurobiological Overlap Between Social and Physical Pain. In: Arthur W. Toga, editor. Brain Mapping: An Encyclopedic Reference, vol. 3, pp. 15-20. Academic Press: Elsevier. Retrieved from: https://sanlab.psych.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/31/2016/08/A-87.pdf Treede, R.-D., Kenshalo, D. R., Gracely, R. H., & Jones, A. K.P (1999). The cortical representation of pain. Pain, 79, 105–111. Retrieved from: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304395998001845 
 A packed last vlog of the semester for M20 that includes Quinquatria, Continuum, Finals Week, and Discontinuum. Tune in to see class of 2020 spend their final month in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Alex become Minerva’s new empanada eating champion.
 Spring came overnight in San Francisco. The cold rain that persisted on and off for a skin-drenching, soul-crushing two months finally gave way to sunshine that illuminates the streets. Locals broke out their short sleeves, tank tops, and sunglasses. I, like many others, chose to walk on the sunny side of the street, drawn to the warmth and security of the long-missed sunlight. Despite the new-coming sunshine, the concrete sidewalk remains a cold place to sit. The buildings still cast their shadows and the breeze still blows down the street, channeled in the wind-tunnel of the city. Even with the more consistent sunshine of spring, street living remains difficult. Those living on the street quickly welcome a warm drink.  As we poured her a cup, she told us a snippet of her story… a journey riddled with drugs, alcohol, and domestic violence… A cup of warm hot chocolate goes a long way to make a connection — even in the middle of a bright March day in San Francisco. I know since I spent one March morning walking around the Tenderloin with a small group of people, a large thermos of hot chocolate, a stack of cups, and a smile. With one cup of hot chocolate, I met Tiffany, an outgoing middle-aged woman. As we poured her a cup, she told us a snippet of her story. After a journey riddled with drugs, alcohol, and domestic violence, Tiffany has been clean for about a month having just finished a recovery program. Her motivation for the change? Her kids. She wants her kids back. Before the foster care system will give her custody, she has to stay clean for a few more months and rebuild her mental health.  “I’m bipolar,” Tiffany told us, “but I got on some better meds now that help me. But this whole area — it triggers me.”   The ‘area’ Tiffany referred to is the Tenderloin — more specifically, the heart of the Tenderloin, notorious for its alcohol and drug scene as well as its homeless population. From where we stood, I could see about twelve people sitting or sleeping on the street and a few others heatedly debating a deal, the specifics of which I do not want to know.  “This area…” Tiffany shook her head, “… it triggers me. Everywhere I go here, I have to choose — I have to choose to stay clean. It’s not easy. I’m in outpatient now, but I’ve considered goin’ back to the [recovery] program just to get a little more help — but then I think, ‘No, I’ve got to know that I can do this on my own, that I am strong enough to get my life back on track.’”   I’ve got to know that… I am strong enough to get my life back on track.  As our small group listened to Tiffany, we offered to connect her to a local women’s shelter, a place reserved solely for women in recovery. Tiffany began to tear up, emphatically nodding her head, “Yes, yes, yes.” She wiped at her eyes, smiling, the cup of hot chocolate forgotten amidst the conversation.  Because the hot chocolate isn’t the point. The hot chocolate just opens the door for human connection, for a relationship deeper than familiarity. Familiarity alone means nothing.  Every San Francisco resident is “familiar” with homelessness, but there’s a danger in familiarity, a crisis of apathy that results from a cocktail of frequent exposure and infrequent action — a cocktail so many in San Francisco unknowingly drink. This familiarity cocktail propagates indifference. The faces of the streets become commonplace, a supposedly unchangeable part of the cityscape, equivalent to the TransAmerica Pyramid or the Golden Gate Bridge.  How do you combat indifference? How do you reverse the process of familiarity without becoming ignorant? Easy. Just take out the headphones. Put away the sunglasses. Turn off the phone. Look up from the sidewalk.  See the people around you. Smile at them, nod at them, and respectfully acknowledge their existence. Most importantly, simply let the homelessness crisis irritate you, anger you, and slowly move you to action. The results will surprise you.  How do you combat indifference? How do you reverse the process of familiarity without becoming ignorant? If I have learned anything in San Francisco, it’s this: I always want homelessness to hurt my heart, to invade my mind, and to provoke my compassion.  After all, homelessness is not an insurmountable problem, especially in San Francisco where countless local organizations work daily to meet the physical, mental, emotional, and relational needs of people experiencing homelessness. Ultimately, conquering homelessness to help these marginalized people will take everyone — organizations and individuals alike.  Together, we can restore hope and dignity to every resident in San Francisco — on and off the street. Read Part I & Part II 
 This piece is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. This interview transcription has been edited for length and clarity.  Hung Quach Nguyen: Why did you decide to work for Minerva? Allison Gale: Before Minerva, I was working at University of Wisconsin River Fall, and my Ph.D. advisor sent me a message that said, “How would you like teaching really quality students and earn the same salary and work at home?” I thought it was a spam email but then I realized it was real.  One reason I decided to work here was that I was super interested in teaching international students because I think many problems are global in scope. So the ability to teach and work with students from all over the world excited me.  Second, to be honest, I think I am a pretty good lecturer. I like lecturing, I lecture a lot, I was dynamic and nerdy. But I knew in the back of my mind that lecturing wasn’t the best way for students to learn and that there’s a difference between teaching and learning. Because I’m passionate about education, I’d better work in a place that is trying to align their education style with how students learn best. And, I’m not gonna lie. I love being able to not drive thirty minutes to and from my job.   I think I am a pretty good lecturer. I like lecturing. But I knew in the back of my mind that lecturing wasn’t the best way for students to learn and that there’s a difference between teaching and learning.  HN: What’s your favorite memory from working at Minerva? AG: I have many small favorite memories. Some of them are from class when something funny happened or a student said something I hadn’t thought about or I suddenly grabbed a rock from my desk. But I have two big memories. I got scared when I got my job at Minerva because I’m a rock scientist, so I was used to laboratory work and I have been teaching tons of labs. I worried that I would miss having students with rocks and minerals. But Dean Chandler was very amenable to me and Minerva purchased rock kits. And then I had amazing help from Jesse and even Ben Nelson who flew the rocks from San Francisco to Hyderabad. I have the same kit in Minnesota. And my students and I showed each other the rocks on the screen.  My second favorite moment was in August 2016 when all faculty and students were in San Francisco. There was a big feast. I don’t think we have it anymore because we’ve just gotten so big.  HN: What are you most proud of? AG: Relating to Minerva, I think I’m most proud of my commitment to help students learn. Often, when you go to a high-power graduate school and you do high-level research on rocks, there’s an expectation that you keep going toward research. Why would you bother teaching when you could do this research? Teaching is kind of an after-thought because Ph.D. scientists are trained to be scientists, we are not trained to be teachers. But for me, teaching is one way to help people, so it is the most exciting and gratifying job to me. I’m not going to get many published papers, I’m not going to have people citing my Nature articles 1,700 times, but it’s the small moments that makes me feel I matter and I’m having some positive impact on students. I’m excited to think that 20 years from now, they will say, “Oh yeah, weird Professor Gale talked about volcanoes, sulfur deposits, etc., and now I’m here looking at sulfur.”   I’m not going to get many published papers, I’m not going to have people citing my Nature articles 1,700 times, but it’s the small moments that makes me feel I matter and I’m having some positive impact on students.  HN: What do you do outside of Minerva? AG: When I am not working, I love hiking and being in nature. I’m happy when I’m outside. There is a hiking club in state. If I get a certain number of hikes, I will get a prize. I also collect rocks. Minnesota is called the glacial tail, which means the glacier takes up rocks from anywhere and drops them here. So Minnesota is a rock grab bag. I collect rocks in the fields for hours. I play with my rocks. I have over a thousand specimens of minerals alone. HN: What would most students be surprised to learn about you? AG: Most students got surprised when I suddenly grasped a rock for their request. For example, if they asked for zircon. I think the embodiment of my passion for Earth science, not just reading the lesson plan. They might also be surprised by my humor. Humor keeps me entertained and engaged. If I am enjoying class, other people will too. So I take being fun really seriously. One more thing is that I was a pretty talented percussionist. I was in an orchestra in University of Maryland. I was able to have class with professional musicians and get lessons for free.   HN: What else would you want the Minerva community to know?AG: I am very grateful for the humans in Minerva. The students for the most parts are kind, respectful, and interested. My colleagues are supportive and awesome.

 This piece is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. This interview transcription has been edited for length and clarity.   Emma Stiefel: Tell me a little about your life. Teri Cannon: In my personal life I’m a mom with a 27-year-old son who just became a lawyer. I really love my close relationship with my son. Since we’re both lawyers now we have a new area of commonality that brings us together, he tells me about the cases he’s working on, so that’s a really great part of my life.  I have a lot of really good friends and spend time cooking because I love to have dinner parties. I’m a member of all the art museums in the Bay Area and I love visiting them. I also love to travel. I haven’t been able to travel as much as I would like but I have traveled a lot in the past few years particularly with Minerva.  I also was a dean of two small law schools in California earlier in my career and my area of expertise academically is ethics, so I have a book that I wrote for paralegals on legal ethics which is now in its eighth edition. I first wrote it 27 years ago when I was pregnant with my son and now I’ve found a protege that I turned it over to because I don’t have time to work on it.  I love to help cultivate people that I work with and to help mentor them and provide them with opportunities when I see a lot of promise in them. Before I came to Minerva I worked for the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). I was the executive vice president there and I was there for six and a half years, so I’ve worked in accreditation almost my whole career.   I love to help cultivate people that I work with and to help mentor them and provide them with opportunities when I see a lot of promise in them.  ES: Tell me more about your work with Minerva, especially accreditation, because I think many students don’t know much about what it involves.  TC: Let me tell you a little bit about accreditation first. In the US there are six regional accrediting agencies and one of those is the WASC that I mentioned earlier. Each of them has an assigned part of the country, so we’re in the Western region. WASC accredits about 200 institutions, which are all four year and above institutions. Regional accreditation is the kind of accreditation that most institutions want to have. It covers the whole institution and is the most credible kind of accreditation available, so that means that the Department of Education recognizes it and universities all over the country recognize it, so your degrees will be recognized out in the world. Stanford, USC, all of the UCs, all the major privates that you know about are all accredited by the same accrediting agency as we are.  The way that Minerva has accreditation is a little unusual, because in order to apply for accreditation you have to have graduates in your program, which makes it very difficult to start a new institution because you would have to operate without accreditation for at least four or five years before you have graduates. The only reasonable pathway to have accreditation when we opened our doors was to do what’s called “incubating” inside another accredited institution. So when we started out, we interviewed maybe 20 college presidents to try to find the right place to incubate. We were looking for a place that really understood what we were trying to do and would give us the oversight that’s required for us to incubate in this institution but not try to control everything that we did, that had enough confidence in what we were trying to do and wouldn’t second guess every decision we make.  We ended up with Keck Graduate Institute (KGI), one of the seven colleges in the Claremont Consortium. It’s a graduate program except for us, and we went with them in part because they didn’t already have an existing undergraduate program where it might feel weird for us to fit in. We are their undergraduate program. So we partnered with them, we’re incubating there until we split off and get separate accreditation, which will probably be in a couple years. But for the time being we have been incubating there, and what we have been required to do was to submit our detailed 70 page agreement with KGI that assured the accrediting agency that the accredited institution would have oversight of our academic and financial program. The president of KGI, who you may have met at convocation, approves things like every faculty member that’s hired, big changes in academic policy, and the faculty handbook. We develop them but then they approve them. We report to their board at every single one of board meetings. The plan is to separate at the point when we can have our own accreditation, and we’re about to start that process. It will have multiple stages with a couple of different major reports that I’ll be working on over the next couple years, and then there will be one big visit probably about 18 months from now. And then we’ll become separately accredited.  ES: What do you personally work on with accreditation? TC: I oversee all of it. As an example, over a year ago KGI was up for reaccreditation. One of the principles of accrediting agencies is that there is a cycle under which every institution has to be reaccredited. That process requires a detailed report with evidence showing that everything you said about yourself is true, and then a team of peers comes and visits after they read that report. They come with questions and want to understand how it all works. There’s a set of standards and they want to make sure that you meet all standards. So KGI was up for reaccreditation, and I am their accrediting liaison officer so I chaired their self study and the creation of their report and preparation for the visit. I worked with a team of people at Minerva and at Claremont and wrote an outline of this report, decided who should be involved in drafting each section, what evidence they should produce, edited it, prepared them for the visit, and was there for the visit.  That’s what a normal accreditation process looks like. We have to go through that now to get separate accreditation, only it’s more complicated because we are not applying for reaccreditation. We’ll have to do two reports and have at least one visit. The standards cover everything from your curriculum and your faculty to how you assess student learning, what proportion of people graduate and get jobs or go onto grad school, and the business side to make sure that we’re financially stable.  ES: Why did you decide to work for Minerva? TC: I met Ben Nelson in September 2012, just as he was getting started. He had gone into the WASC office to learn how to become accredited, and I had just stopped working there. The person he met with told him to talk to me, so we had lunch and he offered me a job on the spot. He did that because as an executive vice president I had been the person that had helped figure out what to do with these new institutions that were starting up, so I had the expertise to help him find a partner and make a relationship that WASC would support.  The reason I wanted to work for Minerva was that, as the executive vice president at WASC, I was always reading about innovation in higher education and we were seeing it on the ground: institutions that were accredited trying to offer new delivery systems, online remote learning and branch campuses, all this stuff was going on, there was lots of disruption and new things being tried. I was the one who tried to figure out what to do with them when we got an institution that wanted us to approve something.  I had read about Minerva, I’d read about Ben getting his first round of funding and his basic principles: that it was going to be global, it was going to be very rigorous, it was going to have an international student body, it was going to have an entirely reinvisioned curriculum that prepared people for jobs that hadn’t even been invented yet, and it was going to be affordable. A lot of the things he was trying to do had been trouble spots in higher education: it was too expensive, students didn’t learn things that made them employable, and a lot of institutions have very low graduation rates. Everything that he was doing seemed like it would address all those problems.  That’s why I signed on, because I believed in the mission of what he was trying to do and the aspects of the model that made it an impactful, innovative institution. I also liked the idea that he wanted to not just build a great institution but reform higher education, he wanted people outside of Minerva to see what we were doing and learn from it. I was also really impressed with all the people that he hired like Dr. Kosslyn who I thought was an inspired choice and of course Dean Chandler, just really impressive people. It’s very important to me to work with a group of people who are really dedicated and student-centered. ES: Why did you leave your job at WASC?. TC: I really missed doing something that more directly impacted students. As an accreditor, you can only affect the quality of what institutions do and their impact on students through recommendations that the teams make. So I was having an important impact at a high level but not really at a day-to-day kind of level. I wanted to work in a place with a very collaborative team that was dedicated to serving students day in and day out.   There were lots of times when I thought, “How are we ever going to do this?” But we always managed to figure out a way.  ES: What were the early days of Minerva like? TC: It was really fun and it was really hard. It was hard because you don’t know until you do something how complicated it’s going to be. For example, we really didn’t know how hard it would be to get students from all over the world visas to travel to seven countries. Although the model looks simple at the highest level, it’s very complicated in the trenches. It was challenging and we were making it up as we went.   There are a whole set of questions we didn’t even know to ask when we first started: What kind of visa? Do we need a visa partner? Can we get it directly from the government? Do we need a consultant? Do we need to have a legal entity in the state? Likewise with housing: How are we going to find a place to house 150 students for only 4 months out of the year? Who’s going to do that for us? What kind of housing is the right housing? How do we make sure students have a place to cook? I’ve been in higher education for more than 40 years, and I’ve never done anything like this. There were lots of times when I thought, “How are we ever going to do this?” But we always managed to figure out a way.  ES: What is your favorite memory from Minerva? TC: I do love meeting the new students when they come in. We’re intentional in Minerva about everything that we do, and it feels like our students, almost 100 percent of them, are very intentional about coming to Minerva. You really have to pick Minerva, it’s not like you could mix us up with USC or Cambridge. It feels to me like the students are a very special group of people who want to study with a global student body, who want to be challenged academically, who want gain from the experience of living in all these different places. They come in with an affinity for one another even if they don’t know one another. Freshmen come in and are so excited and it feels like they’re so ready and so poised to do something great for the next four years. That’s very exciting for me.  My other happy moments are mostly about seeing a student’s development. Sometimes a student will struggle and for whatever reason I am involved as a mentor or somebody who’s dealing with a problem a student has, and then I see them overcome it and excel. I find that really rewarding. My best moments are when I hear about a student getting into a fabulous grad school or I read a paper that a student has written.  With the senior class especially, I’ve known them since they started and I love seeing them ready to go out into the world and how accomplished they are, how hard they’ve worked on their capstones, how smart and creative they’ve been, and how meaningful their projects are. Anyone who’s an educator would tell you that the happiest moments have to do with seeing students achieve what they wanted to achieve when they came here.   I do love meeting the new students when they come in. We’re intentional in Minerva about everything that we do, and it feels like our students, almost 100 percent of them, are very intentional about coming to Minerva.  ES: Any other memories or things about you you would want to share? TC: It might be interesting for students to know a little bit more about my background. I was a first generation college student. My parents grew up during the Great Depression and were very poor as young people. They got married right before World War 2 and my dad was in the army. They ended up having a family of five kids, so I grew up with four brothers. I was the first one to go to college and graduate and I was the first lawyer in my family.  As a woman trying to make my way as a professional, I was almost always surrounded by men and it was challenging in the 70s and 80s. We’ve made a lot of progress since then. It’s still not perfect, but that was hard. When I was in my first job in legal education, I was the only woman in a team of five of us; the other four were men and they were all about 35-40 years older than me. A lot of my early career was like that, so some of the work that I’ve done in more of a lawyer capacity had to do with diversity equity and inclusion.  One of the things that I did that I’m most proud of was serving as the chair of a state bar commission on access and fairness. We worked on a diversity pipeline to bring more underrepresented groups into the legal profession and make sure that they have opportunities to go to the highest levels of it. I helped start a law academy at a high school in a poor neighborhood so students could learn what it’s like to be a lawyer. We also created pathways for students to go from community college to four year college and law school. Then once people got in we worked on glass ceilings issues, we did workshops for people who wanted to become judges, we did workshops for people of color, those kinds of things. I did that for three years shortly before I came to  Minerva, along with work in ethics.  ES: What initially drew you to the fields of law and education? TC: Because my family was not a well educated family, I didn’t understand what a lawyer was at first. When I was in junior high school they had an event called Girl’s Day where girls were encouraged to identify a career that they might want to go into, this was like in 1965, and then the school placed them for the day with a person who was doing that kind of work. For some reason I put down judge, so I spent the day on the bench with a judge, and I thought, this is cool, you can really have a big impact on people’s lives from here. It opened up the possibility of becoming a lawyer.  When I went to undergrad I majored in political science but I specialized in constitutional law and policy issues, and when I got out I felt that I would go into either education or law. I decided I would take the LSAT and see if I could get a good enough score to go to a good law school. I had to support myself through law school, and undergrad, completely on my own. I got a good LSAT score and worked my way through all my years of schooling. Dean Chandler also worked her way through school and she had two kids, so she makes my story sound like nothing.  But I always loved both education and law. I saw education as an equalizer and as the thing that would give people the opportunity to be more fully realized as humans. And I saw law as the same kind of tool, because of the law things can be just in the world. It was really all about social justice for me and that was the reason I was interested in both law and education.   There’s always going to be people with more money than you and people with less money than you. What we have to do is create a culture and environment where that doesn’t matter and students who don’t have those challenges are compassionate towards students who do.  ES: How has your own background of having to work through school affected your work with student affairs, especially because the Minerva community has talked about financial inequality so much this semester? TC: I know how hard it is to work your way through school and I think it’s harder now because it’s gotten more expensive. I could afford to pay my law school tuition, but I had a good job that I worked full time and I worked at night. I know it can be really scary and challenging to work through school, and I definitely know what it’s like to be one of the kids that can’t go out and do the things that kids with more money can do, I was in that spot a lot.  But I also know it can be done. I know what it takes to manage your time and your money. I would like us to be able to help people figure out how they can do it and live within their needs. I also want us to be  able to figure out how all students can be sensitized to these issues of socioeconomic disparities. We can’t stop that in Minerva, it’s part of life, there’s always going to be people with more money than you and people with less money than you. What we have to do is create a culture and environment where that doesn’t matter and students who don’t have those challenges are compassionate towards students who do.  ES: What would most students be surprised to learn about you? TC: I don’t know because it’s so hard to know how you’re perceived by students. Maybe how much I love my dog? I have a beautiful dog, he’s an Australian shepherd, his name is Murphy, and he’s black and white and he’s very cute. I’ll show you a picture. [She did show me a picture, and Murphy is very cute.] He has one black eye and one white eye, and he even has white eyelashes on that side. He’s about 60 pounds and he’s very energetic and wonderful. He’s actually a part of my exercise program, during the week I walk him three miles and during the weekends I walk him five miles a day. So we have fun and he cuddles with me at night and I love him.  
 To receive a Korean student visa, international students must show proof of acceptance into a Korean University. For Minerva students going to Seoul, South Korea for their second global rotation city, this means applying as an international student to Hanyang University. Yet, this past week, Minerva class of 2022 – the next class to live in Seoul – found themselves in a rushed timeline to apply for Hanyang University. Students did not officially receive the notification that the Hanyang application had opened until 6:30am KST on Wednesday, June 12th. In this email, students were informed the application closed at 11:59pm KST on Saturday, June 15th. In a class-wide student group chat, some students heard about the application timeline a few hours before receiving the official email. Still, students had less than four days to fill out and submit the application. The application itself required submitting four documents: a valid passport, an academic transcript, a financial affidavit, and proof of international health insurance. Most of the application could be completed independently with no additional documents needed from Minerva.  For the health insurance document, students were told in the official email from Minerva to submit, “Official Letter of Confirmation proving that you will be insured during study period at Hanyang according to Minerva’s regulation.” Proof of insurance is a new requirement from Hanyang University, last year the instructions – available on the student Hub – read, “you do NOT need to provide proof of insurance in the Hanyang Application.” However, students in M’22 had not yet been enrolled in Minerva’s health insurance plan, making them unable to submit any document to meet this requirement. Through the unofficial channel of a class group chat, a peer informed students Minerva would enroll them in health insurance. These registration emails, however, took an additional 24 to 48 hours – which left students between 24 to 48 hours to fully complete the Hanyang application. Students did not receive any official emails or information on this health insurance delay, nor did they receive information on which specific documents to submit to Hanyang since three variations floated around the class group chat with no official answer from Minerva or Hanyang.  M’22 students were disgruntled, frustrated, and upset with this process. The rushed timeline and the lack of clear communication were the two biggest issues raised in the chat. Throughout this, M’22 students shared information with each other, aiding the process.  When asked about the delay, Marianna Panossi, Director of Global Student Services and the Principal Designated School Official, said the following on Friday, June 14th in a statement to the Minerva Quest: “I sincerely appreciate the opportunity to be able to provide more context to the short notice and limited time allotted for completion of the initial step to obtaining a Korean visa for you and your classmates through our partnership with Hanyang University in Seoul, Korea.  “Our visa partner, Hanyang University usually gives one week window for all foreign exchange students to submit their requests. Through our partnership, they have been generous in the past by allowing more time for our students to complete the process. Hanyang has a designated person handling MSKGI’s requests.   “There are various other issues that our team needs to resolve before we are able to disseminate all pertinent information to the students, which includes but is not limited to coordinating the process with Hanyang University, building out the modules in Prepare (there are nearly 200 modules that we build out across teams each year), instructions need to be reviewed/edited, health insurance, housing, etc. As you can imagine, it’s a very intense and time-consuming process behind the scenes.   “I am personally concerned about the short window that was made available for students to complete the process this year and have been working with our ground team in Seoul to find possible solutions in the event students are unable to meet the deadline. Our team is keenly aware that students travel during the summer and may not be able to complete the process within the given timeline. In the meantime, we have requested a possible deadline extension from Hanyang and more team members to be assigned to process our student requests.   “As of this morning, approximately a third of the students have completed the Seoul visa module in Prepare.  It is possible that many more have completed the process through Hanyang, but have not entered the information in Prepare. We will obtain the data from Hanyang early next week and based on that information, we will provide the necessary support to our students.” Throughout the rushed Hanyang application process, Panossi was responsive to student emails and did her best to help students complete the application and corresponding Prepare module on time.  According to Panossi on Tuesday, June 18th in another statement to the Quest, “148 of our [M’22] students did register with Hanyang, and the 4 students who did not (for various reasons), will be able to register in July.” The incident raises further questions over the capacity of Minerva’s current lean staff to effectively and successfully manage the visa processes of four classes into four different countries with students coming from over 50 different countries – all at one time. 
 Follow along with Kah Yee’s final vlog as a Minerva student as she shows us Minerva’s first manifest, consequent, and graduation. Get a glimpse of the whirlwind of a month they had filled with lasts (10:01s, feasts, sunset walks), tears, and crazy diplomas. 
 This piece is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. Everhardt was interviewed by Linnea Moritz and Anna Mukhlaeva, who both took business courses with her during Spring 2019. This interview transcription has been edited for length and clarity.   Linnea Moritz and Anna Mukhlaeva: Why did you decide to come to Minerva?  Nikki Eberhardt: I find traditional academia too antiquated and uninteresting. I am an activist and practitioner first and an academic second. I found Minerva and thought, “Oh wow, that’s the perfect combination of global experience and innovation and academia, I could do this!” I started reading profiles of the students and how amazingly top-quality they were and thought it was totally my gig. I met Ben Nelson at the Skoll World Forum, where he delivered a very powerful speech. He essentially dropped the mic with this demonstration of the market need Minerva was filling. It was such a powerful argument that I walked away knowing that I needed to check out Minerva. LM & AM: Wait, how long have you been at Minerva?  NE: I [just wrapped up] my first year. This was my second semester.  LM & AM: Did being a professor at Minerva meet your expectations? NE: It has exceeded them. My colleagues are true innovators as well and they are also very collaborative. Minerva professors are incredibly helpful, especially in the Business college. That was the important aspect of the value proposition Minerva brought, which exceeded my expectations. And then you guys, come on [LM & AM: she means that we students are cool]. LM & AM: Do you have a lot of contact with other professors?  NE: Yeah, it is unbelievably collaborative. We have regular virtual meetings. We chat on Slack daily. We are constantly in dialogue: building curricula together, discussing courses, working through bumps and recurring issues. It is super communicative. LM & AM: Professor, I am curious about your life outside of Minerva. Can you tell us some general stuff about your life? NE: Sure. I am trained as a sociologist specializing in global poverty, migration, and gender inequality. So, I did quantitative analysis around those issues. I had worked in the non-profit sphere for over 20 years, but I made a very intentional pivot to business about a decade ago. That’s why I went back to get my MBA and why I am working with innovative start-ups that are tackling the biggest world issues. For example, Global Citizen works with business development as well as event production. There, I saw these powerful team-ups with big corporations, non-profits, and government entities. And in those partnerships, I found that the business was often driving the change and was certainly the most well-resourced stakeholder. I thought, “What if it was the business that drives the change and tackles these social issues?” That’s why I made the pivot and that’s why you now find me in the Business college.  It was an amalgam of all of those experiences which made me realize that the power I had was not in reasserting myself in my own community but in opening up space so that people from under-resourced communities could empower themselves. LM & AM: What about your childhood dreams and life? NE: We each have our own perspectives because of the amalgam of the experiences we had. Each of us has a beautiful story, and it’s uniquely ours. Each of us has the opportunity to craft that to help us tackle social issues, professional goals, and individual satisfaction.  I was raised in a very safe suburban area. It was a very homogenous community, but it was safe and happy. My father came from the poorest area in our town. My grandfather, his dad, was a functioning alcoholic. He would go to the bar every night and get drunk, then my grandma would drive him home, then he would go to sleep and then work all day. So my father was raised with a lot of deprivations. I think, as a result, he brought to his adult life a different perspective on what it means to come from an under-resourced community. What it means to not have a voice.  Even though he raised me in such a safe environment, he never let me forget where I came from. He fed the homeless folks in the community and worked in the prison. We would go to the prison, Utah State Prison, every month and interact with inmates there. We would also sponsor refugee families. I remember being a young girl and walking into the home of a family that had just relocated from Vietnam, who were classified as refugees. I walked in there, and I thought, “These smells are amazing. We can’t communicate, but still we are communicating non-verbally [through sensory experiences].”  It was an amalgam of all of those experiences which made me realize that the power I had was not in reasserting myself in my own community but in opening up space so that people from under-resourced communities could empower themselves. For example, my dissertation was focused on refugee youth outcomes and working with all of the different stakeholders who have an interest in moving the needle for this population. I also do work with extreme poverty with Global Citizen. I do a lot of public-facing work and some public speaking about giving voice to disenfranchised communities. I feel compelled to do something with what I have been given.  LM & AM: What is your motivation to keep on going and not get depressed by these big topics that you are tackling? NE: What I do is super-focused messaging on not just the destructive elements of society but also what we as individuals can do to make improvements and change the game. I try to remember that myself.  My friend just spent time in a Rohingya refugee camp, the largest refugee camp on the border of Bangladesh. She has some horrifying stories to share from the victims of the genocide there. It is super depressing. I realized that it is a natural human reaction to feel helpless, but that reaction is not helpful. I tried to think about what we can do to package this message in a way that is going to be inspiring so people get moved to action. If we share these stories about horrifying events that have happened to these refugees, I could lay in my bed in the fetal position and say that the world is horrible, which is natural. Or I could start volunteering with refugee youth and people who are struggling, and that experience is empowering.  Another approach I take is that we can’t do it all. If we think about the large scale it feels like we are ants and there is nothing we can do. It is much more powerful if we see ourselves as nodes of larger ecosystems that come together and create a synergistic team-up. Once we do that, it is very generative. One plus one does not equal two, it equals a whole lot more. It is because of that collaboration we have all engaged with that we are all making magic.   LM & AM: What is your advice to become a boss business woman like you?  NE: Well, have children, you perfect your craft by bossing them around. I’m joking, but I’m not.  It takes the right ecosystem. You have to align yourself with like-minded individuals. Sometimes you find yourself in environments that are maybe not conducive to women achieving executive positions. Maybe, like the very male-dominated Silicon Valley startup culture, they are not interested in diverse voices and you are representing someone from an emerging market. There are some environments which are maybe not the best to be in, especially when you are younger and just starting out.  There are other situations when you think, “Okay, this is status quo, but I can navigate within this and create change.” I’ve worked with teams that didn’t appreciate diversity, such as women or people of color. They were quite stale to me, quite boring. I either left those teams or found ways to change them.  Then there have been times when I was working with powerful mentors, who were women I wanted to be like or startup entrepreneurs I was inspired by. I try to align myself closely with those individuals because they were not only inspiring, but also helped me in my own journey. I think part of it is surrounding yourself with people who will help you achieve your goals.  It is also being shameless about pursuing what you need and what you want. You may have an idea of where you want to be in 15 years, and that might be a CEO of Company X, but there are a series of steps that you need to take. How can you strategize what those steps are? You take that first move, and that leads to either A, B, or C. How can that help you leapfrog to step N instead of step D? It’s being very strategic about that.  I think underscoring all of this is that you are not exploiting people because they are the means to an end, you are valuing those people and engaging in reciprocal relationships with them. You have mentors, you have people who inspire you and help you, but you are also willing to do things for them. Sometimes the best kind of network building is when I have no objective in getting something from that person. Rather, I’ve said to that person: “What can I do to help you?” And then I have cultivated that relationship and literally brought some value to that person. Then, if I need something, I can go back to that person in a very authentic way, and say, “I would really love this letter of recommendation,” or, “I’m thinking about this, could you possibly give me some advice?” I promise you that person would be very keen on helping you since you have already created a relationship of trust and they know you are willing to help them as well.  To wrap this up, it is being strategic about your end goal, and understanding a series of steps that are required to take you there. It is aligning with the right types of people that provide inspiration, know-how, and mentorship. And it is about how you are developing those relationships within those networks and what you are willing to do for them.   You have mentors, you have people who inspire you and help you, but you are also willing to do things for them.   LM & AM: You have a very specific mission in your life, a purpose. Do you want to articulate this? NE: The desire to participate in something above and beyond ourselves is not only the most noble way to live but also the most fulfilling. When we have a purpose in our lives, it is very satisfying. I think my personal purpose is derived from what my father instilled in me: You have seen that not everybody has the same advantage as you in life, and they are incredible human beings. So what are you going to do to change the system, or give them a voice, or create more of a power balance so that they can fulfill the measure of their creation? It is not fair if you can do that and they can’t. Generally I am driven to not only help disenfranchised communities but also help people have more equal opportunities like I have had.  LM & AM: It seems like you have this specific purpose and everything in your life has been very aligned with it. Have you ever lost track of your purpose and felt lost, and if so what did you do? Or, how do you stick with your purpose?  NE: The older I get, the more jealously I have to guard my time for the sake of the relationships that matter most, which is usually my family. You have to make parameters around the things you are willing and not willing to do, and you can be really explicit about that. It may shift as you get older, and it may shift as you have different personal needs. You have to learn to say no and learn how to say yes.  In terms of distractions, it has been important to keep my larger goal, which is driven by my purpose, in sight. I used to narrowly define what that means, but now I realize that it can sway and change a little bit because our perspective in life shifts and the opportunities we have also shift. A part of me argues that it is good to be flexible because you have to open yourself up to those aha moments and serendipity. Often the innovation comes in our own personal lives, and the things and the companies we create because of that. It might be a huge pivot in our career, but that is good. Maybe it is better to align yourself with a bigger company that will bring you a bigger salary so that you can pay off your student loan debt. If you have a purpose behind it, it might not be that big of a distraction. Be gentle with yourself in respect to that.   LM & AM: What makes you feel hyped about Minerva? NE: I am most hyped about Minerva because it is signalling to traditional academia, especially the Ivy League, that we are going to utilize the best technology to bring the best higher education to the best young people so that they can drive change and be the voice of the future. It is the democratization of higher education for the best. It has huge ripple effects. Something else I am very hyped about with the Minerva model is that there are a lot of online options, increasingly, but we have the ability to create magic, some could argue, out of nothing. We can harness the best of the current research on how you can create a quality education based on the skill set we think will be most demanded by companies in the 21st century.  I went to Oxford, and my college was established in 1261. It was so beautiful and so amazing, I would feel like Harry Potter when I was there, but there are adverse effects to being an antiquated institution because they don’t change as quickly. Minerva came out of nothing, so we allow you to develop those amazing critical and creative thinking skills that will set you apart from everybody else. You will be able to make contact with people and take the contrarian perspective in a boardroom. Would an intern do that? No. But you are asked to do that every single class. You are comfortable with this. These are not skill sets that most kids in universities are crafting right now. This gives you an advantage.  The coolest thing is that you have the opportunity to live in seven global cities and you all come from a wide range of countries. That is a unique social experiment at a scale most of us have never seen before. I am assuming that all that is going to do for you is create tolerance, build global networks that students normally do not have, and, ultimately, really make you those global leaders that you have to be. This is why I am so stoked about Minerva and I brag about it to everybody.   Minerva came out of nothing, so we allow you to develop those amazing critical and creative thinking skills that will set you apart from everybody else.    LM & AM: What do you think would make Minerva better? NE: One of the concerns I had about it, and I still do, is a kind of brand awareness of Minerva. When you are pursuing internships, people are like “What is Minerva?” That can be a negative. On the flipside of it, and I actually heard Ben Nelson convincingly argue in a podcast at Wharton that sometimes the lack of brand awareness puts it in a neutral category and being in a neutral category is inherently good if you do the right thing with it. I think you have had to deal with some of those adverse effects of it being less well known than Yale or a big institution in China.  There are glitches in the platform sometimes. There are glitches in the ways we administer some things and there are glitches in the ways I deliver class material. But I feel like Minerva is so much more than just a company. We are signalling, to the world, that higher education has to change and that those who don’t adapt will become obsolete. That is only good. That means more inclusion and that is widening opportunities for amazing students all over the world.  LM & AM: Is there something you want the Minerva community to know? NE: I encourage us all to take a pause and think about what we are actually doing here. How important this social experiment is and how it speaks to larger issues. Let that pause be a chance for us to reflect on our own individual journeys. What is our narrative? If our purpose is not fine tuned, what do we have to do to get there? Constantly reflect on the networks that are instrumental in getting you there and what you are giving to those relationships as well. If we engage in all this, and we take pause, we have a purpose, but we also understand that there is serendipity along the way and things are going to shift. If we all have that, and we team up together, we are going to create some amazing stuff. We are not going to be depressed and be in the fetal position and think about how awful the world is. Instead, we are going to generate important solutions through our businesses, our families, and our networks.   LM & AM: Would you ever run for president? NE: No! Oh no!   LM & AM: We want to vote for you!  NE: The scrutiny! I am not as tolerant with intolerance as I would need to be.
 In this piece, Emily Garlock (2021) shares her thoughts on our WIFI dependency, and some easy tips for how to reduce it. Read on to learn more about how to connect through disconnecting. Wifi is our survival code. We need it to look up information for pre-class work, to take classes, to compile our research for assignments. It gives us maps to navigate our new cities, tells us the best food stop nearby, gives us the social connection we desire more than anything – facebook messenger, WhatsApp, Snapchat, and Instagram DMs…  What if we didn’t need wifi anymore? How would our lives look? I almost can’t fathom it – desperately searching for a cafe with reliable wifi and asking baristas for passwords has become routine, even second nature. Dichotomies around the subject float through conversations, articles, even scientific research. In a tech-driven world, we have become convinced that technology is either the future and the source of everything, or that it removes us from humanity. Both can be true, which doesn’t make the situation any less convoluted.  Still, I’d like to imagine what it would be like to have less dependency on the tips of my fingers. What would we do if we weren’t distracting ourselves from ruminating thoughts with Netflix, or swiping on Bumble, or scrolling through Instagram, or watching “What I Eat in a Day” videos? Would we find the inspiration to read again, like a child who hides books under the bedsheets? Would we spend the money from data packages on jigsaw puzzles or going to an actual movie theater? Would we finally take that dance class or return to a once lived passion? The only way to know for sure is by changing what we do now; otherwise, it will all stay the same. But change is scary. That may be a time-old saying, and as Minervans who move every four months, it should be less so, yet I am paralyzed. To make a considerable change is to embrace uncertainty. It is to take action to unstick yourself. I have found I am very good at being stuck. I find it simultaneously comfortable and uncomfortable, but most of all, familiar. Maybe because I grew up in Alaska, isolated from the world such that I constantly felt stuck. Maybe because I have a pattern of holding on instead of letting go – to relationships, to habits, to thoughts.  How do I escape? How do WE escape? How do I escape? How do WE escape? There’s no clear, one-fits-all answer. So, I decided to make simple changes that would help me unplug a bit more; actions through which I could connect to the humanity around me – or at least to myself. Here are a few ideas that helped me the past couple of months. The ones that you’ve heard but still work: It is hard to disconnect. Sometimes it feels impossible. Fear of missing out is a cliche phrase now, but it originated from valid feelings. We have instant access to information, to notifications from friends and loved ones. We can figure out where the best party is, where the best food is, where the best this-and-that is. Our generation must learn how to rest with intention, how to be by ourselves without the noise, how to have a face-to-face conversation without google or Instagram stories, how to travel for the sake of experiencing a new culture instead of that #travellife #wanderlust #seetheworld.  We have the control of experiencing connection through our fingertips or through the physical world around us. You might find that truer connection, to yourself and to others, through disconnection. 
 In this series, we are collecting short introductions from Minerva students to capture the breadth of experience and perspectives present in our student body. To kick this off, we asked students from the incoming Class of 2023 to introduce themselves! Here, we get to know Makenzie Hanson, who was also able to share her beautiful nature photography with us. I spent the summer in the US (California, Indiana, Arkansas), Kenya, the Netherlands, and the Czech Republic. (My photos are both from Kenya.) This summer I went back to Kenya, my home of the last six years, and made a it a goal to do touristy activities in the area. So often if you grow up in a place you never get around to doing some of the cool, unique activities and sights it offers. I love that in Kenya a lot of these have to do with nature. I got to feed giraffes, go on a boat ride amongst hippos, and visit and elephant orphanage to name a few. I’ll definitely miss the chaos and unpredictability of life in East Africa. In more western cities I find that everything operates smoothly and is so well developed that life can almost become boring. I’ll miss the vibrancy of life that comes with cows blocking traffic, electricity rationing, or matatu (public buses) strikes. I’m most excited, by far, about the diversity in students and in our studies. The combination of such an international student body on a global rotation together. I love the melting pot of stories, cultures, and experiences. And the combinations of getting to be a local in so many incredible cities around the world. I think it will be very formative to the students in shaping our world view and own disciplines.
 In this series, we are collecting short introductions from Minerva students to capture the breadth of experience and perspectives present in our student body. To kick this off, we asked students from the incoming Class of 2023 to introduce themselves! Here, we get to know Arden Yin, who was also able to share her urban photography with us. Shanghai, China Last week, I got a delicious breakfast in street, saw a conceptual art exhibition, biked to a cafe to read for the entire afternoon, spent an indulging evening in “Sleep No More,” and strolled home at midnight. The best thing was, I had asked the cafe to replace plastic cups with glass ones and not to provide straws unless asked for. Five minutes later, the waiter said his boss approved and would soon implement the new rules! Why? Why not? Reader, thinker, writer, artist, bicultural, pioneer, Minervan,… 19 encompasses both beginning and end. Like Yin and Yang, 19 is beginning and end, contradiction and interdependence, stability and change, all in one. I carry in me all that I have experienced: the burning pride, the ardent silence; every element from hydrogen to argon; and all the lives I have lived, bodies occupied, and identities cradled. Standing at a transition of time and place, I rename myself Arden. Synonyms of Arden(t): expressionist, avant-garde, free. In the Tarot, the 19th card is the Sun, which represents “yes, go forth;” have courage and be confident: good things lie on the horizon with promised success.
 In this series, we are collecting short introductions from Minerva students to capture the breadth of experience and perspectives present in our student body. To kick this off, we asked students from the incoming Class of 2023 to introduce themselves! Here, we get to know Tianhui Xu, who was also able to share her stunning photography with us.  Nanjing, China Pieces of history spread through the city I’ll miss the sense of history from home. Growing up in a city with a 2000-year history, I’m used to wandering around, hanging my camera on the neck, and feel the stories behind every corner. The heaviness and quietness always make me feel tiny but also becoming grateful for life. Uncertainty excites me. I won’t know where I would be four years later, or even not sure about the major I’m about to choose. But Minerva provides us with a playground to test everything out while also equipping us with the ability to thrive in whatever choice we make. Looking forward to San Francisco!
 This article – the first written by a 2023 student – is the first from the second iteration of The Minerva Quest’s reporter group. Reporters from all classes will publish small reports on updates at Minerva, what’s going on in cities, and more.  Harvard’s president recently wrote a public letter trying to distance the institution from Jeffrey Epstein and the $8.9 million dollars he donated to the school between 1998 and 2007. It included an admission that former Harvard psychology professor, Dr. Stephen Kosslyn, received individual funds from Epstein and named him a visiting fellow at the psychology school in 2005. Kosslyn left Harvard seven years later to become the Founding Dean of Minerva Schools at KGI. Although Kosslyn is no longer working at Minerva, the revelation of his past connection to Epstein has sparked conversation amongst students. Epstein was charged with sexually abusing dozens of girls as young as 14. He was arrested without bail for sex trafficking of minors and conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking of minors in July 2019. Before appearing in court, however, he committed suicide in federal prison on August 10. As The Miami Herald’s reported on Epstein’s crimes, he was first accused of sexual misconduct against a minor in March of 2005 by a 14-year-old girl and plead guilty to two counts of felony prostitution (but not the more serious sex trafficking charges) in 2007.  Kosslyn did not respond to The Quest’s request for comment. A 2002 New York Magazine profile of Epstein first publicly associated Kosslyn with Epstein. They continued working together until 2006 and potentially later. Kosslyn mentioned in the profile that Epstein funded some of his work during this period. Additionally, Epstein was a key influence on at least one of Kosslyn’s psychology papers. In 2005, Kosslyn named Epstein a visiting fellow in the Harvard Psychology department, a decision Harvard is investigating, according to the letter (Epstein has neither the doctorate degree nor academic experience with psychology required to apply for the position). There are only two publicly verifiable connections between Kosslyn and Epstein after Epstein was accused of sexual misconduct in March 2005. The first was an acknowledgment Kosslyn put in his 2006 publication, “On the Evolution of Human Motivation: the Role of Social Prosthetic Systems,” in which he thanked Epstein for his “persistent and insightful prodding.” Furthermore, visitor logs at Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office show Kosslyn visited Epstein in prison twice over a weekend in 2008. The two spent a total of about 10 hours together.  All of these events occurred about six years before Kosslyn became the Founding Dean of Minerva Schools at KGI in 2012. Minerva’s Director of Marketing, Junko Green, told the Quest that Minerva “cannot comment on and ha[s] no information about, Dr. Stephen Kosslyn’s interactions with Epstein.” They further clarified that “Minerva has never received any funds or gifts of any kind from Jeffery Epstein.” Lastly, Green stated Minerva staff are currently working on a small article about vetting donors which they hope to publish soon.  
 This piece is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. This interview transcription has been edited for length and clarity.   Ha Nguyen: Could you tell us a bit about your life? Lucas Tambasco: Sure! So, starting from the very beginning, I was born in Brazil. Yes, I’m originally from Brazil, not Turkey (as there were some rumors last semester). I lived in Brazil until I was 12 years old, then I moved to Miami with my family. They said, “Oh, you’re going to live close to Disney World!” and I was like “Okay, that sounds exciting!” It was my first time flying abroad, so it was very exciting.  I lived in Miami until I did undergrad, so it was six years of my life in Miami, then I moved to Boston where I stayed for a very long time. I did both my undergrad and Ph.D. at MIT. My undergrad was in Math and Physics, so I double majored and had a minor. I regret being so spread out. So, a word of warning: adding more things won’t necessarily impress people. Most likely, nobody knows what your minor is.  During my undergrad, I met my Ph.D. advisor. He was my undergrad freshman advisor. He was a very nice person, and he would host events for his advisees like a barbeque for the entire group once a year. I started doing research in my sophomore and junior year. Then I [realized that] I really want to teach, and if I want to teach for a college institution, I need a Ph.D. So, thinking about that and the great relationship I had with the advisor, I thought it would be great to continue working on what I was doing from my undergrad. I also had the opportunity to be a TA and to become a better educator and researcher in the process. That’s how I ended up doing my Ph.D. I worked with the same advisor, so we were together for a total of nine years, from my freshman year to the end of my Ph.D.! He’s a great person, so it was a very nice experience overall. Of course, Ph.Ds have ups and downs. I won’t get into the details, but overall it was a great experience, and I got a lot of opportunities to engage in teaching initiatives at MIT. Any time someone needed a TA in a class that no one else wanted to TA, I’d raise my hand and be the first: “Yes, I will TA that class in complex analysis!” and “Yes, call me, I’ll take that!”  The fun thing is that with all of these opportunities, I got engaged with both live MIT classes, as well as online MITx courses. So I started making videos back in the day. And I got to be the instructor by myself for Calculus I at MIT for three years in the spring semester (the fall had a regular faculty teaching). I was able to teach that calculus class for three semesters, which was awesome. With all these experiences, I kind of knew that I wanted to be doing this. I love teaching and am excited about math. I think this sums up my teaching philosophy: there is no such thing as a “math person.” Anyone can come to love and appreciate math with the right tools and resources.  HN: Let’s wind it back a bit. Was there an event in the past that fueled your enthusiasm for math and physics, or did you just know all along that you love these subjects? LT: We need to rewind further back. My grandfather was a math professor. Back when I was a kid, I think he secretly imparted this philosophy of making math approachable without me ever knowing that I was doing math. We watched the Indiana Jones movies together when I was a kid, and in the third movie, “The Last Crusade,” Indiana Jones had to overcome some challenges to reach the Holy Grail. My grandpa would come up with fun puzzles for me to solve, like those Indiana Jones would have to go through. So he made math fun. He also took a course in astronomy. He would come to me and be like “Oh, I’m taking this class about stars.” And I was like, “That’s cool!” He would tell me things about stars and planets and the sun. As a little kid, I was just excited to hear these things. I think my passion and curiosity started for these topics because they were not seen as “work” at all. They were not seen as a burden. They were not seen as a chore. They were seen as just something fun, something exciting. I owe some of that to him.  But in my MIT years, I took a class as an undergrad called Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos. That class was awesome. It was taught by an engineering professor, so it combined the math theories with applications. The professor actually brought the systems to class. These wheels full of buckets and wires would spin in a chaotic fashion and that was awesome! I’d seen a model, I’d analysed a model to see how it works, and he brings the physical system to class that does what the model is predicting! I thought it was the perfect match of theory, simulations, and experiment that really caught my eyes in a more professional sense. I think my passion and curiosity started for these topics because they were not seen as “work” at all. They were not seen as a burden. They were not seen as a chore. They were seen as just something fun, something exciting. HN: That sounds awesome! You mentioned that you taught for a few years before joining Minerva. Why did you decide to work for Minerva? LT: During my years at MIT I was very lucky to work with students that were generally motivated and interested in the subjects that I taught. I like teaching students that are not motivated, it’s a whole different challenge. But working with students that are motivated is also very rewarding. That was one thing I was looking for in the institution that I wanted to work. An institution that allows me to work from anywhere was also a very important piece of the puzzle. I have seen many cases of families that had to endure separation because of their jobs, and that is something I did not want to go through. I am so glad that, since I joined Minerva, I was able to move to where my now-fiancée lives And I was very excited about changing higher education. I’ve worked at MIT, which is a great, reputable institution. But I felt that even there, there were issues about the focus on teaching. Their research is uncontested. They are very proud of the MIT research, but I personally saw many places where the education, the teaching, could be more valued. I wanted to be in an institution that values teaching, and I think Minerva really does that.  HN: What’s your favorite memory from teaching at Minerva? LT: So many great things come to mind! It’s been such a fun experience. First of all, I can say that I really connected with all of my classes in the past year, both CS111A and CS111B. We were able to form really cool groups, and we really got a lot of work done. I have a few memories from the Forum that were very happy. There was a student, he would have what he called “mind-blown moments.” Every once in a while he’d say, “Professor, this was mind-blowing!” It was really exciting. I had an AMA (Ask Me Anything) during the last days of classes, and one of my students asked me, “Professor, how can you always be so happy?” That was so rewarding. I felt very happy to be in an environment where I am legitimately happy; I don’t have to try to be happy because my students, my classes, my group of peers, and other faculty have been amazing.  But I do have to say that my best Minerva memory has been meeting students face-to-face. I love the platform, but it’s always exciting to meet in person. I had one student visit me in New Haven. I had one student where we accidentally ended up in the same vacation location at the same time. I met a few students in Boston and New York. And I visited Buenos Aires last spring and Berlin this fall. Just having a chance to sit down with students without any of that math in between us, when we can just chat about their plans, life at Minerva, and maybe even answer the same questions you are asking me in this interview, like “why am I doing this?” is really exciting. I feel that even though most of our interactions are online, I get to connect with the students beyond just the math content. Meeting the students and having coffee with them was great to the extent that I want to know a little bit about their lives, why they chose Minerva, and how their experience is going. I like this level of personal interaction. I feel closer to my students here than I was in other places I worked.  HN: What are you most proud of in life? LT: That’s tricky. I’m proud of many things. I’ve found a lot of perfect things in my life. I’m very proud of being able to work doing what I love and living with someone who supports me 100 percent. That has been amazing. It’s hard to pinpoint one moment.  HN: Let’s zoom it in a bit. What are you most proud of that’s related to Minerva? LT: I’m very proud of what we’ve accomplished with CS111. I’m proud of the videos we made over the past year. I think we designed a class that’s suited for our students. It might not work in other places, but it’s Minerva, we do things differently! We got the feedback to make me proud of it. We tried to make something that is accessible while still challenging. But we’re not done; we’re always trying to improve. I’m very proud of what we’ve accomplished with CS111. I think we designed a class that’s suited for our students. It might not work in other places, but it’s Minerva, we do things differently! HN: What do you do outside of Minerva? LT: I don’t have any other position. I’m dedicated full-time to Minerva. But in terms of hobbies, I love board games and video games. I own quite a lot of board games, and we hold board game nights spontaneously here at home.  HN: What are your favorite games? LT: There’s one called “The Mind,” which is a card game. There’s another one called “The Game,” which is similar to “The Mind,” but it’s also very exciting. My favorite is called “Azul,” I think it’s Portuguese. HN: What video games do you play? LT: I got a Nintendo Switch last year, so I started playing a lot of Switch games. I play Legends of Zelda, Super Mario Odyssey, and Pokemon: Let’s Go. It’s very nostalgic, because when I was a kid I played on the GameBoy.  HN: What would most students be surprised to learn about you? LT: I speak five languages; that’s something most students don’t know. When I was a student in Brazil, I was in a school that had Italian classes, so I started picking up Italian. Then I did both French and Italian in high school. I did some Spanish at MIT – I almost did a minor in Spanish. So I speak Portuguese, English, Italian, French, and Spanish. HN: What is your advice for Minervans who are about to choose their majors and concentrations? LT: As an undergrad I didn’t know what I wanted to do. I was good at math, but that could go in many different directions. So when I started my undergrad, I thought I was going to be a Computer-Math major. I took a few math courses, then switched to an Applied Math major. Then I started Physics and ended up double majoring because there was a lot of overlap. But then I was like, “What am I gonna do in terms of jobs?” So I got a minor in Business. I was all over the place. I didn’t know what to do.  If you have an idea of what to do, I strongly advise focusing your energy and your efforts on specific things. A minor might not go as deep into the subject. If I go back and look at my minor, I don’t really remember these specific business concepts that I haven’t used, whereas all of the math and pretty much all of the physics that I’ve studied have been used at some point. Sometimes I wish that I took a few more math and physics classes. I had the chance to redo that during my Ph.D. and get more depth, but most undergrads don’t get that opportunity.  My general advice is: dive into things that you’re really interested in. One major is generally enough; most people (including yourself!) won’t remember what your minor was, unfortunately. But also, do things that you like. I think that doing things that add to your well-being and curiosity is more important than the label itself. Do one major really well and take classes that you enjoy without having to worry that, “Oh no, I need one more class that has nothing to do with my areas of interest just to get a minor.” I don’t know how much value that adds.  Dive into things that you’re really interested in. One major is generally enough; most people (including yourself!) won’t remember what your minor was, unfortunately.  HN: What is your advice for people who are still figuring things out and don’t know what they like yet? LT: Good question. It took me forever to figure anything out. During my entire Ph.D. I was thinking, “Am I doing the right thing?” until I got to teach. I strongly encourage trying things out, especially if you have a chance to work with a civic partner or do a summer internship. In my first summer I worked in a chemistry lab, which had absolutely nothing to do with what I knew how to do or what I wanted to do. But that’s what happened, and it was a positive experience. I learned a lot about professionalism during that lab. Even though I haven’t used any of the chemistry, I still learned something out of it. I learned that I didn’t want to be in chemistry. You should try various experiences and always look at the positive side of them. Even if it’s not what you’re going to do for the rest of your life, they add value.  HN: A lot of Minervans are considering doing a Master’s or Ph.D. Do you have any advice for us to prepare for it? LT: I know the challenges that come with doing research while on rotation. Most Ph.D. programs will want to see some kind of research experience during your four years. If during the summer you focus on finding a research opportunity, that would have a big effect. Establishing contact with professors in the areas you’re interested in [is also helpful]. Ph.D.s need to be focused on a very narrow area. Read papers on that area and see whether that’s exactly what you want to do for your Ph.D. Then reach out to the people who wrote that paper and ask about opportunities with questions like, “What can I do to be a valuable asset to your group?” I’m sure a lot of faculty around the world would love to have Ph.D. candidates from an amazing pool of students like Minerva because institutions look for motivated people working on problems they care about. It’s good to establish contact with specific people that you could see yourself working with. Just get an idea of what skills are needed and how to improve to get there. That will strongly increase your chance of getting into a Ph.D. program. HN: Thank you Professor! Sometimes, it’s very difficult for students to maintain a work-life balance. How do you maintain your balance, especially during the times you need to focus 100 percent of your energy on urgent priorities? LT: My sleep was one of the things I prioritized the most over my nine years of higher education. Amazingly, I would get at least 8 hours of sleep everyday no matter what. I always focus on being healthy, having a reasonable sleep schedule and a good diet. Another thing that for me particularly wasn’t a big priority during my academia years (this might sound a bit cliché) was going to parties and having a big social life. I like to spend time by myself, and I think it’s important to find a setting that’s supportive. In my case, that’s sometimes just enjoying my own company, like treating myself to a movie or a restaurant meal. These are the experiences that help me ground myself. As an undergrad or a Ph.D. student, I would save a moment in a week to go have a nice meal, and it would make me feel a lot better. Find the time to be nice to yourself. It’s not about having a reward system; it’s just taking care of yourself. Do something nice for you, without any strings attached.  I know that a lot of people would like to have a group of friends, partners, or family to support them. There are a lot of support structures that exist, and I think it’s very important to invest in them. I know sometimes it might be a cause for a lower grade on an assignment, but if you need that support, if you need that extension, if you need that to take care of yourself, then yes, do that, take care of yourself and find people that help you take care of yourself. 
 In this series, we are collecting short introductions from Minerva students to capture the breadth of experience and perspectives present in our student body. To kick this off, we asked students from the incoming Class of 2023 to introduce themselves! Here, we get to know Su Yan, who is also taking us along with her on a summer spent across East Asia in her stunning photography!  India, Hongkong, Changshu (Hometown, PRC) Rain (or rain season) is my favorite thing in Changshu. I’ll miss the language (dialect) only spoken in this small city. Because people in same place share similar cultures or personalities and these can all be reflected in the dialect they use, when I speak or hear that specific language, I can feel the sense of belongings. For me, that is the feeling of home as well. Of course it would be the cultures I would learn in different regions! In my opinion, unless you experience something by your own, no one can tell you the true feelings or ideas towards things. Minerva gives me the opportunity of immersing certain cultures that I only heard of before. I don’t know what kind of feelings I will have on those cultures at this moment but realizing that I will have chance to know has already excited me a lot!
 This piece is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. This interview transcription has been edited for length and clarity.   Erin Paglione: Who are you at Minerva? Andy Dosmann: I started at Minerva in August 2015, when the inaugural class came. The two main things that I’ve done almost since the beginning are teaching Empirical Analysis and NS112 [Evolution Across Multiple Scales].  Those are definitely the things I’ve done the most at Minerva.  I’ve also had the chance to do other things including teaching for the Master’s program over the summer. It was fun to get that experience.  I’ve also been teaching the junior capstone seminar as well as advising some of the M’19s on their capstone projects, and I’ve also taught a couple of tutorials.  I feel lucky to have been part of almost every part of the Minerva education in some way, shape, or form. EP: Tell us about your life. AD: Before Minerva, I was doing a post-doctoral fellowship at Stanford which was really good preparation for Minerva.  I was part of a program they were doing with freshmen which was about students learning critical thinking skills and getting them up to speed for college-level learning. So that had some similarities with the Cornerstone curriculum.  It was nice to have a few experiences at that previous job that set me up to succeed at Minerva and helped me to appreciate what Minerva was doing. EP: Why did you decide to work for Minerva? AD: One of the biggest reasons was that if it had been around when I was a student, I would have loved to do this. Getting back to my experience at some of my jobs prior to Minerva, I think that gave me an appreciation for what Minerva was trying to do.  I really appreciate the opportunity to be part of making some changes in education.  Some other institutions, while they were trying to do that, just weren’t able to because of the institutional inertia.  So I think both of those things were some of the biggest attractions for me.  It’s also very nice that faculty can live wherever they’d like to live.  I’m really enjoying that aspect. I really appreciate the opportunity to be part of making some changes in education. EP: How did you find out about Minerva? AD: Minerva actually sent someone down to talk to the post-doctoral fellows in the program I was working in at Stanford because of some of those similarities I mentioned before. I was actually out of town when that happened so I missed it, but I was really interested so I got in contact with Minerva, and since I was living in San Francisco I was able to meet up with her. We talked about Minerva and I was really interested in what I heard and was excited to apply. EP: What is your favorite memory from working at Minerva? AD: There are some good ones.  A couple that jump to mind are student successes that are related to classes that I’ve taught.A student who was in my NS112 class published one of his assignments which was really exciting.  It was a good moment when that student shared the information with me. There was another student who built on some of what they had done for their final that related to some internships that they were applying to.  I also acted as a recommender for that person.  I guess there was a mistake in where they put their contact information in because the person who was trying to get ahold of this student to offer them the internship actually got ahold of me instead. I’d say the best wrong number that I’ve had was to hear about one of my students getting a really good internship.Other nice ones have been when I’ve been in the same location as my students.  It’s always nice to have face to face contact with the students. EP: Have you been to been to many of the Minerva locations? AD: I’ve been to San Francisco a number of times.  I’ve been to Hyderabad twice and Berlin once. EP: Are you planning to visit all of them at some point? AD: I’d like to.  We’ll see. EP: You said that you would have gone to Minerva if it had existed.  What would have appealed to you as a student and is that similar or different than what appeals to you a faculty member or just a person? AD: As an 18-year-old, I might not have appreciated those things.  I chose the college I went to for other reasons.  So I guess I’d say I’m kind of viewing that choice as a faculty member. But I know it would have been the best choice for me.  Whether my 18-year-old self would have appreciated it, I don’t know. EP: Did you get to travel abroad at all while you were in college or only after? AD: Only after. The college I went to didn’t have a strong study abroad program.  It was also quite expensive so I avoided that and then [traveled] afterward. EP: Do you have a favorite place you’ve been to?  For research or for travel. AD: Thailand is a special place for me.  I worked my first overseas job there.  It was about conservation biology and ecology, so one of the first jobs I had that was moving in the direction my career eventually took. From a work standpoint that was really a formative experience. As a travel experience, it was also very formative.  I really enjoyed it and I’ve been back a couple times since. It’s a place my partner and I both traveled to independently and loved before we met each other and now we’ve traveled there together, so I’d say that’s a spot that could qualify as a favorite. EP: What do you do outside of Minerva? AD: I like soccer a lot. I like to play as much as I can. I also watch it quite a bit. I also like to rock climb.  I go to the gym when I can but I really like to go outside. It’s just a nice way to connect to nature. Those are things I enjoy in my free time and both of those things are social activities too, so some friends and I get together to watch soccer, to play soccer, or to climb. Otherwise, I have a couple dogs and I like to spend time with them. EP: What’s your soccer team? AD: Manchester United. EP: What is something that most students would be surprised to learn about you? AD: What do I want to divulge? In high school, I was in musical theater, which maybe people would be surprised by, maybe not. EP: What plays were you in? AD: I was in Hello Dolly, Secret Garden. EP: Do you still act or sing? AD: I don’t act anymore.  I still sing occasionally. EP: Is there anything else that you want the Minerva community to know about you?  Or just to know in general, doesn’t have to be about you. AD: My path to my career was very circuitous and that’s something I’d want students to know about me: that it wasn’t just a clear path, straight ahead, one foot in front of the other, that got me to where I am now. I’d want them to know that their path is likely to look like that too. Those deviations and changes, while they can sometimes be difficult and frustrating, have led me to some of the best times of my life as well.  If I’d had a very direct path to where I am now, I would’ve missed out on those experiences. EP: Do you have any book or movie recommendations? AD: I’m a big fan of Haruki Murakami, a writer.  I would recommend any of his books, but The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle especially is good.  If you want something shorter, I’d say Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World.  I really enjoyed those. EP: I’m curious because I am a Natural Sciences major, what appeals to you about evolutionary biology or biology in general? AD: Biology always had a pull for me.  Even when I was in fourth grade I remember that being my favorite subject. It’s tough to talk about why you like it.  There was just some pull towards it.  For evolutionary biology in particular, I really appreciate and enjoy that it is a basic understanding of the living world around us. I am fascinated by all of those things. My love for biology and evolutionary biology also stems from an appreciation and a love for nature, so the fact that if it doesn’t have me actually outside doing things, it at least lets me think about or talk about those types of things. For evolutionary biology in particular, I really appreciate and enjoy that it is a basic understanding of the living world around us. I am fascinated by all of those things. EP: Did you grow up doing things outdoors or did that come later? AD: A little bit, but it mostly came after.  I grew up in Indiana. I think my love of nature is partially born out of having little of it in the Indiana suburbs.  It was either suburbs without a city or farms. I took a couple trips with my family to different places that I really enjoyed.  Actually, when I was growing up I spent most of my time playing soccer.  It was later on in college, when I started doing some more camping trips, backpacking trips, hiking, that I really fell in love with that sort of stuff and started doing a lot more. EP: Do you have any cool stories from backpacking trips or hiking trips? AD: I actually dragged my parents on a five-day trek through the jungle to a place called Kaieteur Falls in Guyana. It was a lot of fun. It was cool to show them the type of place I’d been working in for a while; this was right after I’d worked out of Suriname for about a year. I was also proud of them. They handled it. 50-something at the time and when the guide saw them they didn’t think my parents were gonna make it, but they were troopers and had a good time and made it up to the spot and it was really a cool experience. It’s an amazing location that really hardly any tourists go to, so we had it pretty much to ourselves. It was a fantastic experience. EP: Do you have any recommendations near any of the Minerva cities of places to go hiking? AD: In San Francisco, Mount Tam is pretty nice.  I did research with squirrels near a place called Mammoth Lakes, California, which is over on the other side of Yosemite National Park. So Yosemite National Park is a great place to go but I’d recommend going up into some of the spots in the Sierra. There’s a place called Little Lakes Valley which is at the top of Rock Creek.  It’s some of the most accessible alpine country. The road goes way up and so even on a day trip, you’ll have a really nice experience.
 An estimate of around hundred Minerva students participated in the Global Climate Strike across four different cities —  Berlin, London, San Francisco, and Seoul — on September 21-22 to show support for urgent action to address the climate change crisis.  Students from Class of 2021 attending the protest in Berlin, Germany: Students from Class of 2023 at the protest in San Francisco, US. Photos by Arien Desrosiers: The Global Climate Strike is a worldwide movement led by young climate change activists, who are urging governments to take action against the climate change crisis a few days before the UN emergency climate summit in New York. Organizers and supporters demand a revolution in energy sector, mainly banning the use of fossil fuels. A massive continuation of Fridays for Future, the strike is a sustained action week between two Fridays, September 20 and 27.  Students from Class of 2022 striking in Seoul, South Korea. Photos by Fju Mewes: Over a year ago, sixteen-year-old Greta Thunberg started skipping school on Fridays to protest the Swedish government’s lack of action in response to the climate change crisis. Her initiative quickly spun into a global movement with people —  mostly students — gathering around their nearest government buildings, now called Fridays for Future.  Strike in Berlin. Photos by Anya Chen and Kornelija Ukolovaitė: “Some of them were great: educational [and] impactful, speaking to the hearts and minds of the people,” Margarita Levitova (M’21) said of the speeches during the strike. “However, the majority of speeches were dull pledges to the cause of sustainability, awe at the amount of people that showed up, and some rhetorically condescending empty promises.”  Strike in Daehakro district, Seoul. Photos by Fju Mewes:  Students from Class of 2022 were pleasantly surprised at the strike in Seoul. “If you talk to Koreans, they just don’t really care about it,” explains Fju Mewes but then adds: “ Seeing so many people who [went] to the protest was really powerful. We were all surprised and amazed to see all these people and [the protest] was so organized, so loud [but] it was still polite.” Mewes felt ‘a big sense of community, togetherness’.  Strike in San Francisco. Photos by Ariane Desrosiers:  Strike in London, United Kingdom. Photos by Antonio Fowl Stark:
 Just a day before the Global Climate Strike on Friday, September 20th, it surfaced on social media that the San Francisco United School District (SFUSD) rescinded their support for students participating in the strike. This angered many parents and student protesters who were marked absent or whose field trips to the strike were canceled. NBC reports that several school teachers had organized field trips after receiving an email from their district superintendent stating the teachers would receive support with buses, chaperones, and lunch for the students to attend the strike. Soon afterward, however, the superintendent sent out a second message stating that “staff members are not authorized to take students on a field trip to a public strike, rally or demonstration during the school day.” To make up for taking away their support, many schools encouraged teachers to bring the strike, environmentalism, and political activism into their classrooms so students could learn the same lessons without missing school or compromising their safety.   “When [activists] plan [the strike] on a school day, it really puts us in a quandary.”  Many students and parents were still unsatisfied with the school’s rescinded support. One activist started a petition on change.org which asked the schools to renew their support for the rally, citing undue suppression of student voices. Furthermore, students and parents expressed concern that rescinding support would transform the rally into a rich-kid’s strike because parents with lower incomes often can’t afford to take a day off work to keep their child safe at the strike. This situation prevented some students from participating in the strike.  In response to backlash from San Francisco activists, superintendent of the SFUSD Orinda district, Carolyn Seaton, cited safety and funding as the two biggest obstacles to their support for the rally. Keeping students safe is a priority and the district believed they could not do that at the strike. Additionally, every excused student absence reduces school funding by $46 per day which was too significant to ignore for the schools. Seaton said to the San Francisco Chronicle that although the schools care about climate change, “When [activists] plan [the strike] on a school day, it really puts us in a quandary.”  The climate strike was considered a success with youth of all ages and parts of the district coming to participate. However, in response to SFUSD’s lack of support, student activists are calling the district to re-evaluate their policies surrounding political involvement. 
 In early or mid-September, Minerva released a scholarship tax and insurance bill due November 1 on Prepare – an Internal Minerva page where students pay term bills, apply for visas, and more. Minerva did not notify students of the new bill. Hence, many learned of it through a Facebook post by a student from the class of 2020 on September 16, 2019  The bill will likely include some or all of these items: a penalty fee from Berlinovo (the residence in Berlin), the non-qualified scholarship tax, and the GeoBlue (or PGH for those in San Francisco) health insurance fee. The annual insurance fee increased 30 percent from $573.20 for the 2018-19 school year to $745.20 for this year and was presented as a single bill, rather than two for each semester as it had been in the past. This difference, though, changed September 30th and students should see only half of that amount on their term bill. Melissa Morgensten – Head of Student Accounts – advised any students with the full $745.20 to reach out to her as soon as possible. The Quest contacted the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM)  and Morgensten and awaits further clarifications from Minerva. The ASM recently posted on Facebook reminding students of the deadlines and updates on their communication progress with Minerva. Below is a refresher of the scholarship tax and its implications for students.  According to the IRS, a scholarship is tax-free only on the coverage of education expenses. The amount cannot be exchanged for teaching or researching services and does not include room and board, which are all non-qualified scholarship and taxable at 14 percent of the total amount. The Hub website for Minerva students further simplifies these terms; other than tuition, all scholarships awarded for housing and student services are taxable. The Hub provides the below example of how to calculate your tax: Student A’s non-qualified scholarship is:   $7000 (scholarship) – $5000 (tuition) = $2000,  and 14% of $2000 is $280.  Thus, student A’s tax withholding bill for Fall will be $280.  The tax is billed to Minerva because Minerva is responsible for collecting and submitting the total amount to the IRS.  Emma Noizumi, the former Student Account Manager, first communicated with students about the tax in Fall 2017. Her email stated the 2016 scholarship tax had been paid and absorbed by Minerva in 2016. It went on to inform students that starting from the Spring 2017 semester, students would be responsible for paying the tax. However, Minerva communicated this one semester later, in October 2017. It was at this time students became aware of a new bill due November 1 for both the Spring and Fall 2017 semesters. For many students, the sudden tax caused financial strain given a lack of preparation. The ASM promptly contacted Minerva staff, who decided to split the tax amount into Fall 2017 and Spring 2018 term bills. Shortly after, Noizumi announced via email that future term bills would include non-qualified scholarship tax, along with the scholarship, student fees, tuition, and tax withholding.  Students must react by rearranging expenses to accommodate these costs or notify parents/guardians/sponsors. The due dates are September 30, November 1, and November 30 for the insurance waiver, the non-qualified scholarship tax, and the Spring 2018 term bill respectively. The Quest is in contact with both the bursar office and the ASM and will publish new information as it becomes available.
 In this series, we are collecting short introductions from Minerva students to capture the breadth of experience and perspectives present in our student body. To kick this off, we asked students from the incoming Class of 2023 to introduce themselves! Here, we get to know Ivana Vaseva, who was also able to share her creative photography with us. I’m from Bulgaria and I deliberately spent all summer here  I loved driving stuff around from one city to another with my father and hiking around with my friends.  What I will definitely miss from home would be the fresh fruit and vegetables my grandmothers produce all year. I recently realized how valuable it is to me to be able to go and pick any fruit I want right from the orchard. These photos were taken for “advertisement” project in my English class this year. We were supposed to advertise pearls and this was my approach to the issue. I decided to upload them because they were taken at my house with my cousin and my sister as models.
 Erin Paglione interned in a developmental biology lab at Hanyang University in fall 2019. In the fall 2018 semester, 17 students in the class of 2021 interned in labs at Hanyang University in Seoul. This experience was valuable to many students taking Natural Science courses as Minerva does not have its own labs. The students committed about 10 hours a week to their projects and had the option of writing a paper to get course credit. This fall will be the third year of Minerva’s partnership with Hanyang’s labs, with around 12 students in the class of 2022 interning this semester. “The internship should provide hands-on experiences and an outside recommendation source, which should improve their ability to compete for additional summer research experiences and eventually graduate school or jobs.” Vicki Chandler, Minerva’s Chief Academic Officer, said, “Minerva is fortunate that the Dean of Natural Sciences [at Hanyang University] is enthusiastic about accepting Minerva students into their labs. Hopefully, that will continue for future class[es].” Chandler continued, “for students interested in pursuing scientific research careers, the internship should provide hands-on experiences and an outside recommendation source, which should improve their ability to compete for additional summer research experiences and eventually graduate school or jobs.” This is particularly important for Minerva students because lab experience is not part of the standard Minerva curriculum. The Quest asked students who participated in the program in fall 2018 about what they learned from their experiences. Michael Chen and Antonia Kaestner worked in an environmental engineering lab with a Ph.D. student. They researched nanoparticles called magnetic dendrimers for cancer treatment. Chen and Kaestner both applied for a lab internship hoping to gain technical skills and experience. Kaestner gained confidence working with large and complicated machines. Chen also explained, “The chemical [we were] working with is actually pretty dangerous.” Kaestner added, “It scared me a little bit, [but] it made me feel very important.” The professor and Ph.D. student designed this project with Chen and Kaestner’s interests in mind. Most researchers in the lab worked with the magnetic dendrimer to develop ways to take heavy metals out of polluted waters, but Chen and Kaestner were more interested in medical uses, so they used the same principles to set up an experiment related to cancer treatment. Chen’s main takeaway from the experience was “a lot of applications [of technology] is cross-disciplinary. They’re taking something environmentally-focused into a medical field.” Those working in labs often find themselves waiting for parts of experiments to finish and repeating procedures. Kaestner told me, “We synthesized [the nanoparticles] ourselves and it takes forever.” They not only got comfortable with the equipment of the lab but also experienced the daily routine of research. They not only got comfortable with the equipment of the lab but also experienced the daily routine of research. Chen and Kaestner gained independence as they went through the semester. “[In] the beginning, we were guided pretty specifically by our Ph.D. student,” Kaestner said. “Toward the end we were doing more things by ourselves.” They accomplished a lot in their semester-long internship, but, as their project went unfinished given time constraints, they are curious to see what the outcome of the research would be if completed. Antony Halim interned at a membrane lab in the chemical engineering department. Halim stressed that taking initiative made his experience a positive one. He said the Ph.D. student he worked with “expected us to have a true experience” by directing the project based on his interests. He took charge of his project and before leaving Seoul reached the goal of completing a model of a membrane made from several different polymers. He remains in touch with members of the lab and hopes to work more and publish something about the project. Halim plans on attending grad school and will need research experience to do that. He did physics research before coming to Minerva and aspires to do more computational physics research in the future.  Manh Pham Nguyen worked in a lab in the urban planning department researching the question, “How will automatic vehicles change public transportation?” Unlike the other students, he could work from home for part of the time. Working alongside a Ph.D. student at Hanyang, he coded a traffic model. Nguyen told me the professor accepted him and another Minerva student “not because we have the technical skills, but because we don’t have them.” Nguyen further developed his computer programming skills and the lab gained new ideas.  Like Halim, Nguyen plans on attending grad school, making this opportunity similarly valuable. The main skill Nguyen cultivated was discipline. He stressed that all the lab interns needed to commit to the labs. Although he wasn’t going to Hanyang University every week, he, like the other students, spent many hours working on the research project. Chen and Kaestner also talked about this discipline, saying their record at Hanyang was 13.5 hours. One M’21 student “Loved it so much I had to come back!” Vy Tran worked in a particle physics lab in fall 2018 and returned to Seoul this fall. She currently works in a robotics lab with two students in the class of 2022. Communication is critical in science research and all fields. Tran says her biggest challenge is the language barrier, but she overcomes this by asking questions, using visual communications, and prototyping. Her most valuable lesson was learning “to ask questions, because people will not eat you if you ask questions.” Reflecting on her experience last year and looking forward to this semester, Tran said, “I love Hanyang. I think everyone in [the class of 2021] knows I love Hanyang a lot. They have a really nice intellectual space to cultivate creativity and collaboration.” “I loved it so much I had to come back!” Tran is also excited to be back in Seoul with friends she made in her lab last fall. She said “I was really lucky to work with wonderful people” last year and is excited to make new friends this semester. Everyone I spoke with said the people they met were a crucial part of their experience. Nguyen and Halim both enjoyed the hospitality of the researchers in the lab. When I asked the students if they had any tips for other Minerva students thinking about in-semester research, Kaestner and Tran both said they recommend doing it while taking 3 classes. She felt that the balance of relatively lower academic workload was good with the additional responsibility of the lab. Kaestner’s tip to the class of 2022 for their semester in Seoul: “Eat the honey chicken rice” at Hanyang Plaza. I think all of the Hanyang lab interns would agree.
 This fall semester, the Minerva Student Experience Team (SXP) implemented a new Student Initiatives framework. The framework makes university-wide changes designed to improve the process and support for Minerva’s equivalent of student clubs.   The new Student Initiative framework made three key changes: First, the term “MiCo”, short for Minerva Communities, has officially been retired in favor of the broader term, Student Initiatives or SI’s for short. Capri LaRocca, the Director of Student Experience at Minerva, said in her email to the Quest, “this is a reflection of our growing understanding that student initiatives are not ‘one size fits all’ but can rather take many forms.” Now, ‘SI’s’ refers to every student-run activity from one-time events to regularly meeting groups to multi-year structured organizations and to everything in between. Second, the SI structure has been centralized across all cities and classes, no longer organizing SI’s by city. LaRocca explains that this occurred “so that we can improve consistency of support and have more visibility into student initiatives globally.” The centralization process entailed internal changes for SXP, having minimal direct impact on students except for the creation of a singular SI form.  Finally, SI’s will receive expanded support and resources than previously offered. Previously, SXP has supported student groups through routine check-ins and connections to local civic partners and/or professional opportunities. Now, SXP has committed to expanding their support to include cross-class connections for recruitment & knowledge sharing, specific SI-related coaching sessions with the Coaching & Talent Development Team, and optional mentorship from other Minerva staff, faculty, or alumni beyond SXP. Tanna Krispil, the Minerva Student Experience Team Coordinator, said in a document to the administration that the changes to SI’s represent a “resource-first approach” focused on equipping students to fulfill their goals. The SI changes apply to all Minerva students previously, currently, and prospectively involved in SI’s. SXP offered extra support for pre-existing student groups to make the transition into being an official SI.  The recent SI changes result from the challenges which student groups at Minerva have faced in previous years and SXP’s desire to create an SI system that works best for students. According to LaRocca, “we have tried out several different iterations of student initiative support and recognize that we have not yet found the best model… We are excited about this next iteration of student initiatives at Minerva and, as always, hope you continue to build with us and for your classmates.” For more information on SI’s or the process of becoming an SI, please see The Hub. 
 For two years, Minerva has offered seniors the opportunity to be an exchange student at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) for their final year as an alternative to following the standard global rotation. Inna Halik is one of those students and will be writing about the tense political situation there as she sees it. The big protest marches in Hong Kong started on June 9, 2019 (though there were protests also before) when around a million people participated in a demonstration, and have been going on for 17 weeks. People first took to the streets to show their opposition to the proposed extradition bill that would have allowed mainland China to extradite people accused of or convicted of crimes, which was seen as a threat to dissidents and at large, to Hong Kong’s democracy and business environment.  October 1 is the National Day of the People’s Republic of China, celebrated as a public holiday in China, Macau, and Hong Kong. This year it marked the 70th anniversary of China. Over the weekend, Hong Kong saw a lot of protests and on September 29th anti-totalitarianism rallies in support of Hong Kong were held in many other cities all around the world, including Berlin, Seoul, London, and San Francisco.  On Monday, September 30, I could see young people from my dorm room window putting up posters and banners on a bridge, which has become very common across the city. This weekend also marked the 5th anniversary of the Umbrella Movement, a protest movement against mainland China meddling with the democratic processes in Hong Kong that began as a response to the decision passed by the National People’s Congress in China that wanted to pre-screen candidates for the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections.  When walking around the city now and looking at all the posters and flyers that have been glued onto walls, lamp posts, bus station shelters, and the ground, one can find messages that say “we are back”, referring to the Umbrella Movement.  While it might seem the protests have become the norm here, they are not all the same. Most of the protests happen on a smaller scale and are peaceful. I have seen students chanting their demands on the HKUST campus, people gathering in malls and parks and marching on the streets, expressing their demands. Most of the protesters dress in black and often wear face masks. While I do not understand Cantonese and thus cannot know exactly what they are saying every time I hear them, it is safe to assume that they are reciting the five demands:  I have also seen demands for Carrie Lam – the current Chief Executive of Hong Kong – to step down. All in all, the protesters in Hong Kong want democracy, which, among other things, involves the right to protest without being attacked by the police and labeled as  criminals. On September 4, Carrie Lam announced that the extradition bill would be formally withdrawn, meaning that one of the demands of the protesters had been finally met. However, protesters are sticking to all the five demands with signs across the city saying “five demands, not one less”. Considering that the protests on October 1 were some of the most intense so far, it is clear that the protesters are not planning to stop, in fact, they appear to be more committed to the movement than ever.  In order to protest or march, people need to get an approval from the police, but no marches or rallies had been approved for the National Day. While the reason cited was the concern for people’s safety, many take it as a sign of a weakened democracy. Although banned, it was known that there would be big protests — probably because of its symbolic meaning – opposing the Chinese government by showing that there is nothing to celebrate – and the international attention it would garner. HKUST exchange students received emails from the school that warned of the protests, and on October 1 at 9:27 PM an email with “Urgent Message” in its title reported that the police had advised people to stay indoors after the “widespread unrest”. Since I live in the Tseung Kwan O neighborhood, everything was peaceful for me that day. Rallies and big demonstrations happen in the main financial and business districts on Hong Kong Island, but Tseung Kwan O is in a different region of Hong Kong called the New Territories. Most of the main shopping centers and malls in the shopping and business districts closed in anticipation of the protests, as well as half of the MTR metro stations – 47/94. Two metro lines were shut down entirely — the first time that had happened since the protests began in June. Stations were closed because of the arson attacks and damage the protesters had caused during previous protests, but also to restrict people from getting to the rallies. When I went to Hong Kong Island on the preceding Friday and Saturday, the stations were open, but some of the entrances/exits were not, and armed policemen were positioned in the stations.  The Twitter feed of Hong Kong Free Press has footage of the protests on October 1, some of it looking like a scene from a battle. They have videos and images of large streets full of protesters and policemen, roads on fire from Molotov cocktails, people holding umbrellas to protect themselves, the police deploying water cannons and tear gas against the protesters, and protesters, journalists and photographers alike wearing gas masks, goggles and helmets — it would have been too dangerous without protective gear. On that day, an 18-year-old schoolboy was shot — he is in the hospital now — another display of police brutality, and perhaps a new figurehead for the protests. Sidenote: While I was writing this report, I could hear people protesting outside. It sounded like one person first shouted the demand and then a big group repeated it. I couldn’t see them from the window, so I went outside to see where they were. It turned out the shouts were coming from the secondary school buildings next to my dorm, and students in one building were shouting to students in the other building.
 SAN FRANCISCO- A Minerva student wearing a face mask was recently found convulsing vigorously on his Dorito crusted dorm-room floor. He immediately dismissed the pain as an unfortunate side effect of the 13 peanut butter Cliff Bars, 4 cheese stick waffles and periodic shots of Red Bull he’d downed during his all-nighter and casually accepted his fate. The student declined to comment on why he hadn’t yet sought medical help since he was unavailable and also vomiting. Instead, his roommate told Meekly reporters: “He’s treating himself through self care. Look — scented candles, mini cupcakes and one slightly uncomfortable ASMR video on repeat.”  The Minervan eventually regained his composure, allegedly thanks to a high dose of St.Ives Apricot Foot Scrub, and explained that “it’s, like, just as efficient as anything a doctor could prescribe anyway” and “there’s nothing a face mask and some self love can’t fix”.  Hours later, the student protested as an ambulance delivered him to the Saint Francis Memorial Hospital emergency room. Multiple witnesses confirmed that he seemed extremely unwilling to release his NIVEA smooth daily moisture body lotion. In one last, futile attempt to evade future U.S. medical bills, he asked the medics if they could “at least wait until Seoul.” 
 Chris Hagan wrote this reflection piece as he sees those in his class – the graduating class of 2020 – contemplate where they will go and what they will do upon graduating from Minerva in only a few short months.  These last few weeks I’ve found myself sitting back in a mix of pride and admiration almost every day, listening to you talk about your plans for life-after-Minerva. I’ve heard about the jobs you’re applying to, the grad school programs you’re sitting the GRE for, and the big, bright cities you plan to live in.  I’ve relished talking about your post-university plans. Hearing you contemplate your next steps expresses parts of your character and passion in a way I haven’t felt since we first met in San Francisco. When you speak about the future with a furrowed brow or a barely-suppressed grin, I see you more clearly. Returning to Berlin to work with NGOs and soak up the techno culture you know and love. Taking a year to go back home and work in a flower shop with people you know, driven by a desire to return to normalcy. Preparing for the 70 hour work weeks of Wall Street with a look of relish, rather than fear. In each of these ambitions, whether concrete or half-formed, I get the chance to see you two years from now, or five, or ten. I get to think of you married, or with kids, or very much not with either of those things. In these hazy images, I find myself immensely contented, thrilled to witness you take flight in a direction of your choice.  On the flip-side of this contented haze is the pressure and stress that comes with uncertainty. The reality of a mountain of student-debt that sits at odds with a burning desire to go to art school. Visa worries, paired with the knowledge that returning home is not an option. The sheer paralysis of having to take your intellectual curiosity and breadth of passions and push them in a singular direction. For many of us, this choice feels momentous, perhaps the most independently-minded decision of our lives. I’ve been thinking about this a lot. How can we enjoy the excitement and freedom of making our next steps, while also responding to the constraints we each might face? As I do when faced with most big questions, I turned to books. This time I found my solace in Sylvia Plath, in a passage I hadn’t read since I was sat at my Year 12 English Literature desk:  “I saw my life branching out before me like the green fig tree in the story. From the tip of every branch, like a fat purple fig, a wonderful future beckoned and winked. One fig was a husband and a happy home and children, and another fig was a famous poet and another fig was a brilliant professor, and another fig was Ee Gee, the amazing editor, and another fig was Europe and Africa and South America, and another fig was Constantin and Socrates and Attila and a pack of other lovers with queer names and offbeat professions, and another fig was an Olympic lady crew champion, and beyond and above these figs were many more figs I couldn’t quite make out. I saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because I couldn’t make up my mind which of the figs I would choose. I wanted each and every one of them, but choosing one meant losing all the rest, and, as I sat there, unable to decide, the figs began to wrinkle and go black, and, one by one, they plopped to the ground at my feet.” Our final year has us standing beneath our fig trees, surveying the small fruits above. Which fig will make me happiest? Which gives me a chance to take a rest? Which justifies this education, this travel, these internships?  Luckily for us, there is no correct choice. We might choose the plumpest, ripest looking fruit, just to bite in and realise it’s rotten. The reality of the fig tree is this: there are good figs, there are bad figs, and a whole lot of figs in between. The only way to figure out which is which is to pluck one from the tree and take a bite.  Over the next year we get to pick one of these figs, be it a grad school, a job in a new country, the choice to go all-in on a startup idea, or heading home to look after a family member. You will love some parts of your choice. You will hate some parts of your choice. You will probably make a new, equally bold choice in a few years. All that matters is that you reach up and grab.  It often feels that, because we’ve been lucky enough to have this Minerva experience, we owe ourselves, our families, our university, something big. A grand next step. A flashy name to put on our LinkedIn. But true impact comes from a place of desire, not obligation. Impact can be working as a barista in your hometown, knowing your regulars by name and making each of their morning’s a little more joyful. True impact comes when you choose to follow what you deeply care about.  So yes, there will be parts of the next year of our lives that will be stressful. Some of us will question whether we’re making choices for ourselves or for someone else. Some will make trade-offs to deal with the financial realities of independence. Some will get a job this semester. And some will still be searching this time next year. This process is not easy. But it’s not meant to be entirely terrifying and stress-inducing either. Yes, there are dozens of figs hanging right above our heads, and it’s hard to tell from the ground which one to choose. But that’s not the point. The point is that we get to choose. In a year’s time, I want to visit Sascha on Wall Street and pretend I understand what credit default swaps are. I want to drop by Bella’s flower store and meet the coworkers she’s told me so much about. I want to have coffee with Adrian and look at him across the table, bleary-eyed and grinning after a late-night dancing to techno music. More than anything, I want my classmates, my friends, to make choices that make them happy. 
 Building the Intentional University is an explanation of Minerva Schools at KGI for an outside audience. It describes habits of mind and foundational concepts (HCs) and Cornerstone courses, Minerva’s pedagogy, branding, outreach, admissions, student life, and coaching and talent development (previously known as professional development). While it’s written for people outside the Minerva community, it’s an interesting read for Minerva students as well. As students, we know the what of Minerva. We know what it’s like to take Minerva classes, go through the global rotation, participate in Student Experience (SXP) activities, and be part of the Minerva community. Staff and faculty know the how of Minerva. They see behind the scenes to the inner workings. This book provides the why. Why does Minerva exist? Why does it teach in the way that it does? Why do we use the city as a campus? Why is our admissions process the way that it is? As students, we know the what of Minerva. Staff and faculty know the how of Minerva. This book provides the why. It is important to note that some information in the book is out of date. Some of it was already out of date when I first read it a few months after it was published.  For example, tutorials are described as classes with “three students who have overlapping interests.” The first tutorials had not happened when the book was published and the structure has been modified significantly since 2018.  Minerva is still in its early years and things change substantially from year to year. Although the what or the how may have changed, the underlying principles and values that Minerva was built on have stayed the same.  Although the logistics of tutorials have changed, they still exist to allow students to study things that they are deeply interested in. Building the Intentional University is dense and somewhat dry, but clear, focused, and well organized. I found it to give a satisfyingly comprehensive explanation of how Minerva has used the science of learning when designing and implementing its pedagogy. It covers active learning, Minerva’s detailed lesson plans, the Forum (called the Active Learning Forum or ALF in the book), and assessments and feedback. Some of the specifics are out of date, but most of it is an interesting discussion of how the science of learning can actually be used to help students build skills and retain information, something Minerva claims other universities fall short on. Most of it is an interesting discussion of how the science of learning can actually be used to help students build skills and retain information, something Minerva claims other universities fall short on. It has a similarly good description of Minerva’s branding, outreach, partnerships, and coaching and talent development. These sections highlighted to me how truly intentional Minerva has been when building its business and operations. It is telling when “it took nearly three years from the first day of work until the first business card was printed.”  Minerva cares about how it is presented to the world and cultivates this image to benefit the Minerva Project, Minerva Schools, and Minerva students. Even something as small as a business card design is critically examined to be sure it aligns with Minerva’s principles of being unconventional, thoughtful, and authentic. In addition to explaining Minerva as it is now, the book also looks forward to what Minerva hopes to become. The chapter on accreditation describes Minerva’s eventual goal of being independently accredited, a process that will begin soon. In the chapter on Minerva’s business model, Ben Nelson writes, “Minerva is designed to be self-sustainable when we matriculate roughly fifteen hundred undergraduates across all four years.” Minerva currently has fewer than 700 students, and can only support one cohort per class (around 90-150 students). Strangely, the book does not strongly emphasize the use of technology (there is only one chapter on the Forum). This is interesting to me because I see technology as a central component of my Minerva experience. Almost all of my interactions with staff, faculty, and students from other classes (and even students in my class) happen virtually; I take class and do all of my pre-class readings and assignments on my computer. This adds up to a lot of time spent in front of my laptop, which is why I consider technology to be a large and important part of Minerva. The non-academic components of student life are also a relatively small portion of the book. The global rotation is something that draws a lot of potential students to Minerva and is very unique in an undergraduate program, but is explained late in the book (the 22nd chapter). As a student, I feel that SXP and city immersion is as important as academics. If it were not, the global rotation would be frivolous. The short explanation of financial aid does not satisfactorily address Minerva’s promise to give all students the opportunity to attend regardless of financial situation. The short financial aid section in the chapter on admissions lays out Minerva’s four strategies for making Minerva affordable to all: 1) keeping Minerva’s costs low; 2) evaluating family contribution fairly; 3) student loans and “Minerva-arranged work opportunities” (what we know as work-study); and 4) external scholarships.  Students have recently been raising concerns about financial aid and work-study, so the short explanation does not satisfactorily address Minerva’s promise to give all students the opportunity to attend regardless of financial situation. Most students have work-study positions, on which they spend up to 7.5 hours a week (previously 10 hours a week) but, strangely, work-study is almost completely absent from the book. Work-study students are part of most teams at Minerva Schools including SXP, coaching and talent development, academic, student affairs, and admissions. As such, most Minerva students are also Minerva employees, and much of Minerva Schools would be very dysfunctional without work-study students.  Even outside the academic year, some students work full-time for Minerva in summer internships, further integrating students into all parts of the school. The book also leaves out the details of the upper-level curriculum including majors, concentrations, tutorials, and capstone. These make up three-fourths of the Minerva academic experience (although HCs still permeate upper-level courses, assignments, and capstone), so I think it’s a rather large chunk of missing information. Building the Intentional University is a comprehensive explanation of the Cornerstone curriculum. It is not written as a guide for prospective students, nor a handbook for current students, staff, or faculty. As Kenn Ross, Managing Director of Strategic Partnerships, and Robin Goldberg, Chief Experience Officer, write, “Minerva is a complex concept and challenging to articulate succinctly.” I found it to be an interesting and informative glimpse into the why of Minerva and I would recommend it to any Minerva student.
 From 2015-2017, the Quest was in debt. Thanks to a couple of fundraising campaigns and our Patreons, we have become financially sustainable. As of now, the Quest has $638.31 USD in its savings. Of that, $107.88 will be used to pay domain and server fees for our website in November. We are putting more effort into fundraising efforts to ensure the Quest produces more and better content each year.  Over the past several months, the Quest Management team has been exploring ways to reward those who give us their time to produce content. One of those potential rewards is small monetary incentives. Looking at past content production rates (about 17 pieces, not including small reports, per year), and current finances, this plan seems feasible. We aim to reward fairly while also incentivizing content quality. We do not claim the structure outlined below is the best and will reevaluate this system at the end of 2019. Please reach out to us to provide commentary or suggestions. For the time being, we have decided to set monetary rewards as follows: Please fill out this form (https://forms.gle/fqW8sgBhaooL7f8KA) to apply for a financial reward. Rewards are only eligible for collection only if applications are filled out in the same month as when respective content is published on the Minerva Quest’s website. We are currently planning to review the forms and send out rewards on a monthly basis, though may change it so that we reward people every semester instead. Fill out the form, and we will reach out. Note that The Quest reserves the discretion to accept or reject and downgrade or upgrade rewards. The purpose of the form is to expedite the process and give content creators a voice in the process.  As of October 23, 2019: submit the form before midnight PST on the last day of the month. Quest will review the forms within a week of that deadline and send out payments within a week of the review date, a maximum of two weeks from the deadline. These definitions and the overall process are subject to change as we continue to refine our reward system. Remember, the aim of this initiative is to reward the hard work of our content producers, and to incentivize higher quality at larger quantities. If you have any questions, email [email protected].
 Seeking to immerse in Berlin through culinary delights? Ever wondered how local eateries match up against ALF (no, that term is NOT outdated) standards? REALLY need a reason to leave your bedroom for the first time in two weeks? Look no further! Here is a list of places not-too-far from the residence hall that pack a flavorful punch: Nothing beats the impending doom of winter quite like a hot n’ savory bowl of pho. This noodle bar opened its second set of doors after wild success at its Mitte location. The menu boasts meaty steamed dumplings, tangy papaya salads, and a variety of heart-warming noodle soups ⁠— all designed to aromatically charm you off of the street and into the restaurant.  It’s located just eight minutes down Adalbertstraße and right next to The Visit coffee shop in case you’d like to grab a bite after studying. What I ordered: Vegan/Vegetarian Options: Yes, many! Honest Ratings: Opinion: All in all, loved dining here ⁠— so much so that I visited the original location in Mitte to compare flavors/experiences. Both spots were jam-packed with people indulging in Pho’s mouthwatering noodle soups and other ambrosial delights. If you’re looking to stay closer to home, the Adalbertstraße location is a solid meal-move. If you’d like to up your pho game, I personally found the Mitte location to be well worth the additional trip.  Mundvoll translates to “mouthful” ⁠— an accurate description of their delectable brunch platters and heartily roasted coffee. If you’re feeling a Sunday brunch with your favorite people, look no further than this must-visit spot.  What I ordered: Vegan/Vegetarian Options: Countless. This place is a haven. Honest Ratings: Opinion: You know those films that romanticize Europe as “sitting at an outdoor cafe, sipping black coffee, chain-smoking cigarettes, and trash-talking Americans?” No? Well, this place combines that oddly specific schema of an entire continent with artfully-crafted avocado toasts and zesty pastas. It’s the essence of Breakfast at Tiffany’s and classy conversations. Check it out! This place is the God-tier of all potentially regrettable decisions. As a rational, wise, and health-oriented human being who obviously cares about what she puts in her body, I have eaten here at least three times per week since we’ve arrived in Berlin. Sudanesischer Imbiss serves deep fried falafel sandwiches doused in a home-made peanut sauce that makes heaven’s angels sing. Are you thinking to yourself, “Nothing about that sounds entirely healthy, especially if you’ve basically been eating Falafel Magali for…every meal?” If so, cut the judgment ⁠— you came here for an honest food review, not diet advice. What I have ordered way too many times: Honest Ratings: Opinion: If you’re looking for a place to go after you’ve accidentally used an extension because assignment deadlines are at 12:00AM instead of literally ONE minute earlier, this is the spot to self-loathe and consume delicious sandwiches. It’s open until odd hours of the night, although you might find yours truly sitting in the back at all hours of the day.
 Last spring, I had only one goal for my summer: make it back to Seoul, the city I had fallen in love with. And, after many applications (and rejections), I seemed to have stumbled upon the perfect internship. Consulting experience in education while living in Korea, with free housing and flights? It was exactly what I wanted, and fit into both my experience and my game plan for my future. When I received a job offer, I was ecstatic and signed my contract without a second thought. It sounded too good to be true. Unfortunately, it was exactly that. The job description of teaching AP prep, connecting students to organizations and extracurriculars, and helping them lead events in the city was nothing like the menial editing and writing tasks I was given. Some of the students I was meant to help were waiting for me to do all the work for them, rather than guide them in their own goals and ideas. Korean companies are well known for their work hard, play hard culture, but I got more than a fair share of the work, and had very little time to play. On a “short” week, I was in the office for 55 hours, and there weren’t many short weeks. My boss loved giving but not receiving critical feedback and was extremely concerned about who was allowed to call the shots, taking any critique as an act of subordination. Sunday was my only day off, but I was too tired to truly enjoy the city I had so desperately wanted to return to. I was miserable and felt like I was wasting my summer. But now, outside of the grey tragedy I was trapped in, I realize that, difficult as it was, this summer was an extraordinary learning experience. First of all, I learned a LOT about how to deal with a boss who doesn’t communicate the same way you do. It’s not just about holding your tongue when getting reprimanded for something you disagree with, but also about finding ways to get your point across without confronting someone head on. Working under someone difficult meant changing my communication style to be more subtle and taking cues from my coworkers to determine appropriate responses and actions. When I wanted to talk to coworkers about non work-related things, I kept it short and sweet and during breaks. If my boss asked for feedback I would hint at areas of improvement until he “discovered” the error himself. Straightforward communication was okay, but only in small bursts of honesty. I learned not to give half-assed suggestions for group building because unless I knew exactly what I was talking about, my ideas would be shut down. In later jobs and projects, I’ll use this new attention to others to inform how I work with both my peers and future superiors, sharing the appropriate amount and learning when to collaborate and when to work alone. Second, through the annoying editing work I was doing, I found new ways to frame my resume and actually improved my skills in finding the right words to bulk up my previous positions and make my work experience look as good as it can. Opening my resume after editing high schoolers’ all summer, I realized a multitude of new ways to fix and improve what I had thought was a top tier resume. Additionally, I gained some serious independence. I began finding confidence in myself, not in my job or in the praise of others because I definitely wasn’t receiving any. I had to give myself reminders that I was talented, strong, and smart, because without becoming my own biggest supporter, I don’t think I would have made it through the summer. Funnily enough, having a boss who constantly told me in every way possible I was a bad employee (but still offered me a job at the end of summer?) helped me fight the insecurities and self-confidence issues I’ve faced for as long as I can remember. I also was living completely alone for the first time, in a single apartment, with no one to make sure I was responsible. I’ll admit, there were times I didn’t do laundry nearly enough, and most of my cooking was cup ramen, but I was self-sufficient! I didn’t need a roommate to wake me up for work, I was never late, I worked out occasionally and kept the place clean. I was my own person, with no restrictions on my actions and time. I feel like I left the summer with more confidence and a stronger understanding of who I was and what I valued. Finally, while I appreciated the newfound independence, I learned to value time with friends infinitely more than before. My best friend from high school was in Seoul this summer, and getting dinner with her and talking to her in real life for the first time in over a year became even more significant because it was how I chose to use my limited free time. I also developed an amazing relationship with my fellow intern, who suffered the same cruel fate. I can attest that trauma does indeed bond you for life. The two of us spent all day, every day together, exploring the city as best we could and laughing — to keep from crying — about the wild turn our summer had taken. We spent days doing photoshoots at the Oil Tanker Culture Park, revisiting the places I frequented last fall (including way too much time in the LINE friends store), binging K-dramas in sheet masks, and helping each other stay sane. I truly think this summer has made us friends for life, and that’s something that helped give this cloudy internship a silver lining. All in all, I left this summer a little stronger, a little more dedicated to my beliefs, and a little more experienced. It was hard, and there were times I was ready to flee the country to escape my unhappiness, but by not running way (until I did in fact dye my hair and hop on a plane) I changed my mindset on what my summers are supposed to look like. At Minerva, prestigious internships that look great on resumes and leave us with excellent experiences seem to be the norm. We hardly ever highlight the summers spent going through tough times, boring jobs, or exploring our interests in non-professional fields. But these are just as influential in helping us grow, teaching us who we are, and finding what we want for ourselves. These “bad” summer stories should be talked about just as often as the good ones, without the guilt that we weren’t doing the “right” thing.  If you want to talk about your own summer experiences, in whatever roles, experiences, and trials you had, I’d love to open up a platform for others to share their summers and the lessons beyond work experience that they took away. Please reach out to me on Facebook or by email!
 On October 7, Ben Nelson posted an article about vetting donors on the Minerva Community Portal in response to the recent discussion around former Minerva Dean Stephen Kosslyn’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein’s.  Nelson’s article didn’t define how Minerva vets donors; instead, it asked Minerva’s students and staff to consider the nuance of these decisions. Nelson started the article by saying how “appalling it is that Harvard named Stephen” without naming others who also accepted donations. The rest of the article was framed around four donor types from a Medium article by Harvard Law professor Lawrence Lessig: “all good money”; “morally ambiguous, but legal money”; “criminals, but legal money”; and “unambiguously bad”. He said only the fourth was never a valid source of funding.  Nelson’s essay hinged on two points —  To make the first point, Nelson asked us to consider, “which crimes should disqualify an individual from making a donation?” Does the way the money was made matter?  “Who gets to set the moral boundaries for the charity?” He didn’t provide a solution to these questions but used them to highlight the inherent difficulties in making moral decisions like this as money and donors become more ambiguous.  For the second point, Nelson questioned how we should weigh the moral implications of how funds are used against where they come from. His big point here was that Minerva needs funds “to find the world’s best students and provide scholarships for them.” He then pointed out that the college has a responsibility to accomplish this goal and raised the question: is it worse to reject funding from an ambiguous source and reduce scholarships or to accept the funding and increase scholarships?  Kay Wenger commented on Nelson’s post, eliciting a rebuttal from Nelson. The Quest then reached out to her and she asked to revise her argument to respond to Nelson’s comment. In this interview, she highlighted a couple of key points of contention in the article. She said that although she respects Nelson’s perspective on needing money for scholarships, she feels that “the focus on money is misplaced.” While Wenger acknowledged that Minerva and its donors don’t have to have the same values, she asks Nelson and the community to consider the “messages we send to students about our values [and] the type of future donors we attract” by being an institution that Epstein would want to support. Although Nelson didn’t condone accepting funds from Epstein, Kay believes these considerations were not given enough weight in his article. This omission made Nelson’s article read as if the issue were too complicated to make a decision about who we should accept funds from.  In a response to Kay’s comment on the Portal, Nelson reiterated two important points. First, it is incredibly difficult to raise the five million dollars the school needs to raise. Second, he said he and other Minerva staff “determined that we would never ask [Epstein] for [funding] and, if offered, reject it.” Despite Nelson receiving criticism for framing the article as if Minerva might accept money from Epstein, this statement reveals Minerva does draw a line past which a donor becomes too morally objectionable to justify using their money to pay for student scholarships. Although this line is still undefined, Nelson told the Quest he hopes this article will get Minervans to think hard about donations and that “these frameworks… would be useful in that process.”
 Take a look at yourself, surrounded by people. It seems impossible to feel this way, living in a populous city, walking amongst a throng of people on a busy street, existing in a world of seven billion connected by the internet. There is not a day that goes by that you are not in contact with people. How could you ever say you were alone? You wave ‘good morning’ to your neighbours, share a story about a ‘crazy thing that happened that day’ to a friend, ask ‘how are you’ to your co-workers. In those moments, you have smiled, laughed and felt present, connected. These spaces belong to you. These moments repeating, a daily occurrence for you. How could you ever say you were lonely? Then, when the conversation ends and you are given a moment of pause, just long enough for it to catch up to you — the abyss, an endless whirlpool sitting in your chest. It isn’t exactly sadness, for there was no loss. It isn’t frustration, save for the frustration of revisiting this feeling. You recognise it as loneliness, empty and all-encompassing, and you wonder: How could this be? How could I feel lonely when I am surrounded by more than the presence of people? You think about it.  Maybe it’s because —  What might have triggered — Perhaps I should — You try to think about it. Every wisp of a thought getting caught in the whirlpool and disappearing. So frustrating, especially when your mind becomes overcrowded with: lonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonel ylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylone lylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylon elylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonelylonely You become acutely aware that you were merely one grain of sand on a beach that stretches for kilometres. When the waves carry sand, it does not care for a clump to stay together, it takes the grains it pleases and leaves the rest. You understand that you are a part of a whole, the grain of sand that helps form a beach. But it doesn’t change the fact that at the end of it all, there is just you. Alone. You exist alone. Over the years, as you changed schools, as you graduated, as you started working, your world expanded. You moved through each stage of your life accumulating names, faces, characters. All these people you call friends. You cultivate every friendship with a great connection, strong emotions, a sense of belonging. There is a hope that perhaps this friendship would last forever, this one is special. Then, the tide of life washes over and pulls the both of you in different directions. You make promises to keep in touch with each of them only to feel an acute sense of disconnect as the distance grows exponentially with each passing month. Your conversations become shorter and out of sync. You interrupt each other more often, say the wrong things, fail to understand their humour. Their presence no longer feels as comforting, the meaning behind their words hard to decipher. The friendship has lost the lynchpin that held it all together. Was it mere proximity that made you friends?  Will all friendships fall apart this way? You imagine yourself five years into the future, but you feel no certainty that the few friends around you will stay. And it hurts, this expectation of loss. You recognise that it is an inevitable part of life, but somehow that only makes it sadder. Then, you begin to wonder who will be there with you in twenty, thirty, forty years and where your place in the world will be. With everyone running their own course, there is no assurance that anyone will stay. No assurance, except that the only constant through it all will be yourself. The waves continue to push and pull,  and nothing, nobody stays with you.  Perhaps there is nothing wrong with that, after all, it is simply life. What’s so wrong with ending up alone? Nihilists agree with you, there is nothing wrong because nothing matters. Absurdists encourage you to pick the answer that best soothes you, but not to worry too much because after death it simply won’t matter. Existentialists comfort you that no matter what you make of it, it will turn out right because what is right is what you decide.  In a sense, these schools of thought all offer plausible solutions. Sometimes you can forget the loneliness and these truths don’t bother you. Sometimes you sit with loneliness and anticipate the inevitability of the end of a connection, but it is far and forgettable. Sometimes you hold out hope that maybe this time this connection will endure, maybe you won’t be alone. But that’s only sometimes. Other times, well other times it feels suffocating. Other times it is impossible to put a positive spin on it. Other times it catches you in a riptide and you try in vain to escape it, but you are at the mercy of this single,  immutable fact.  During these other times, you hold onto the fact that eventually the tide has to break and everything will be okay again. But you know that the next riptide is around the corner, that you still remain a single grain of sand. Just as we all are — single grains of sand.
 Oh, how I judged before I knew! How soft thou wouldst feel as I held thee in mine hand. Thy first touch twas enchanting — I never hath knew a thing so soft Before thy thin skin was rested upon mine limb. I mocked those who hath said they wished to feast upon thee, Alas, I now feel that samest desire. Why, prithee, mine tide pod, Do thou hast such a texture of lust? Thy soft delicate nature Doth heavy make my soul For I be privy to the secret That thine taste Is assurance of death. Still I crave thee, mine tide pod, Holden as thou mayest be; I shalt never have thee.
 As the weather turns cold and the mid-semester workload piles up, I’ve noticed an exponentially increasing portion of my meals come from the Ministop convenience store up the road. Or the CU just past that. Or the GS25 a five-minute walk in the opposite direction. I can tell you exactly where the pre-made meals section is, which brands of kimbap taste the best, and when they restock these shelves (mid-morning, around 10 am). I can imagine my mom’s face when she finds out just how many meals I eat from these stores. After all, convenience stores in the US sell cardboard pizza and questionable hot dogs from the ever-turning spit. No one of reasonable financial means, sound mind, and decently healthy body would choose to live off US convenience store food. But in Korea, the mentality around convenience stores is entirely different. To start, there’s a convenience shop on every corner. This is not an exaggeration. You’re unlikely to find a place in Seoul where the closest store is more than a five-minute walk away. South Korea boasts the highest density of convenience stores in the world with an estimated 40,000 stores providing 1 for every 1,300 people. Whether a CU, Ministop, emart24, GS25, or 7/11, these stores provide every necessity for city life. Have to recharge your Tmoney transit card? Go to a convenience store. Need coffee to wake up before that morning meeting? Stop at the convenience store. Studying late and looking for dinner? Hit up a convenience store. Fighting sickness and out of medicine? There’s a convenience store! Running out of shampoo but don’t want to walk far in the winter chill? Just pop in the convenience store. Feeling peckish for some chips or red bean ice cream? Swing by a convenience store. Looking for extra-long fake eyelashes as a finishing touch for some anime cosplay? You guessed it, convenience store. Factor in the 24/7 opening hours and the large variations in Seoul’s temperature from 30°C (86°F) in the summer to -6°C (20°F) in the winter and the plethora of these stores makes sense. In apartment buildings with a store on the ground level, residents could live indefinitely without leaving their building. I have to admit: as a busy university student, having a place that can fill your transit card, random snack craving, and entire stomach with healthy, nutritionally-balanced food at any hour of the day or night is a game-changer, especially with constant “2+1” deals. While this alone is enough to make Seoul’s convenience stores unique, the true significance surpasses this cheap-and-easy student mentality. Rather, these stores in Seoul serve a broader cultural purpose. In a city of over 9.9 million inhabitants where the average person has a living space of 32 square meters (or 342 square feet for the Americans), Seoulites rely on external meeting spaces. Convenience stores offer exactly that. At any one of these shops, you can have your cake and eat it too — all in one place. Or, more accurately, you can buy your ramen, prepare it in the microwave, plop down on the available seating, and eat your meal — all in one place. Larger stores often have a couple of tables in a cafe-style arrangement. Mid-sized stores usually provide a couple of stools at a high-table, commonly looking out the window. Even the smallest stores will offer a large stoop just outside. And people certainly enjoy these complementary spaces. Whether it’s a pair of grandfathers sharing a cigarette and a bottle of soju in the evening, a gang of high-school girls chatting excitedly over coffees, or a fellow student having ramen at some random hour, the seating exists for the community. Seoul’s dependence on convenience stores is a way of life. Offering cheap necessities and complimentary spaces, these stores are integral for the high-functioning daily routines of Seoulites and crucial for building community in a vast metropolitan area. Spend even a few days in Seoul and you’ll find yourself among the tens of thousands — perhaps millions — of individuals visiting a store on a routine basis. Surprisingly, you may even find that you like this convenience store life; I certainly do. Nothing makes you feel more like a local than calling “annyeonghi keseyo” to the cashier as you stroll out of a CU with pre-packaged (or even pre-warmed) coffee in hand on your way to whatever adventure Seoul has in store for you. 
 Minerva students have not yet received official notice from the administration announcing the November 30th deadline for the Spring 2020 term bill. This lack of communication comes after controversy surrounding the Minerva administration’s processes for notifying students of other bills and bill increases. According to the Prepare page, the invoice, around 11.5 thousand US dollars before financial aid, will incur a 1.5% fee of “the amount past due” if payment is submitted late. The amount past due does not include expected aid – financial aid a student is yet to receive.  One anonymous student in the class of 2020 expressed frustration with the lack of communication, saying that she normally only pays on time because she “feels like the bill should be out by now on Prepare” as opposed to receiving any official notification. Indeed, for many students, having official forwarning of the invoice would aid in proper financial planning.  For some semesters, including Spring 2019, Minerva opened and notified students of the term bill through The Week. However, the only official mention of the Spring 2020 term bill to date came in an email from the Bursar’s office titled “Fall 2019 Term Bill” sent on June 3rd. The email included a list of financial Q&A, in which one line mentions the November 30th deadline for the Spring bill. The email did not state when it would open for payment.  On September 23rd of this year, the ASM posted the visual timeline (shown to the right) of invoice deadlines – including the November 30th deadline – in both the Minerva Community Portal and in student Facebook groups. A similar comprehensive communication has not been sent through official Minerva channels. Given a management changeover, the Minerva Bursar office was unable to respond to a request for comment at this time. However, a representative of the Senior Team stated: “We are well aware that clear and timely communication is important regarding student financial matters. It is in the best interest of everyone that this is so.” 
 This Meekly article is a piece of satirical fiction, not a factual report.  The 99th UN General Assembly is the first to be composed almost entirely of graduates from a single university — Minerva, the elite school that gained worldwide recognition after its founder, Ben Nelson, was elected President of the U.S. in 2032 and tore down the White House, infamously declaring that “the country is my Oval Office.” Many commentators lauded the accomplishments of the incoming UN General Assembly Members, writing that they were global citizens, extraordinary achievers, and clearly possessed critical wisdom that they use for the sake of the world.  Despite the enthusiasm from the press, however, the majority-Minerva Assembly quickly drew criticism from the 19 members who did not attend the school.  “The other day, we were supposed to be having a symposium on ending global hunger, but they all said they solved that problem when they were in their first year of college” an Assembly member who wished to remain anonymous reported. “Instead, they all started having sex in the assembly room! When I told them to behave more appropriately, they told me I wasn’t focusing on the ‘hashtag right problem.’”  The Assembly member tried to show the press the disturbing incident on video, but the security cameras apparently did not record the incident.   “Tech problems suck, don’t they?” The General Assembly’s Head of IT, Tryto Refresh, said in response to allegations that the footage had been tampered with. “Don’t worry, though, I put it on audio-only. There were some mic issues too — oops — but here’s a recording.” The Meekly asked several forensic experts to examine the audio file, but they did not reach any definitive conclusions as to what it might reveal. The only discernible sounds were people shouting “shift three” and what one listener tentatively identified as the Wii Mii song. The Meekly reached out to some of the Minerva General Assembly members for comment on these allegations, however the assembly members appear to have taken extensions, preventing timely response to reporters’ prompts. Several expressed interest in attending a press conference, but only if there would be free food. 
 In anticipation of the class of 2021 leaving Berlin, a team of staff and students used design thinking to address the problem of end-of-semester waste in a co-curricular titled “Designing a Circular Economy for Minerva.” The group came up with several ideas to be implemented in Berlin this month and potentially in other Minerva rotation cities and in future semesters. Barbara Walder, Minerva’s Global Director of Operations, told the Quest she led the co-curricular because of the “absolute need to tackle waste at the end of the semester.” In response, she introduced the idea that the principles of circular economy can help prevent and mitigate this waste. The circular economy model is in opposition to the traditional linear economy in which products are made, used, and then discarded. Circular economies reinvest resources back into the system instead of creating waste. Walder says that the idea of a circular economy is “relevant for every human being.”  She added, “For Minerva, it’s relevant because I’ve seen in three years in Berlin and other cities the amount of stuff we accumulate, which makes me wonder how much a student in the four months actually needs to build a comfort nest.” Walder kicked off the co-curricular by describing the goals of a circular economy and giving examples of projects that are working towards reducing waste. The group then split into two teams: one tackling food waste and one handling other waste like home items and clothing. The students planned the following initiatives: Anna Graves (M’21) attended the co-curricular to gain “a toolkit to think about circular design, and the motivation to apply these practices in the Minerva framework.” She shared Walder’s concerns about Minerva’s sustainability. “From the student perspective, the desire to become circular and more sustainable exists, but the institutional framework to support it does not.” Beyond this co-curricular, there has been a push to make Minerva more sustainable including a cross-class student initiative, the Berlin SXP theme of regeneration, and sustainability-focused work-study positions.
 During the 2019 fall semester, student programming events in Seoul have repeatedly centered around North Korea. Every rotation city has a focus, such as San Francisco’s emphasis on entrepreneurship or Berlin’s focus on regeneration. Similarly, Anna Kim, Seoul’s SXP director, shared that, “North Korea related co-curriculars have been one of the main activities that we do here in Korea.” Early in the semester, the co-curricular, “The Nature of the North Korean Issue,” focused on discussing the North & South Korean conflict drawing from historical information to consider reunification ideas. The second co-curricular, “Korean Peninsula Security Blueprint – Deterrence,” focused on the ideas of deterrence and the North Korean nuclear issue. SXP also offered a civic project with a non-governmental organization, Liberty in North Korea (LiNK).  The students working with LiNK hosted two community events: Minerva’s first-ever North Korean 10:01 and a Masquerade Ball fundraiser The 10:01 hosted a North Korean refugee who shared a traditional dish and spoke with Minerva students about her experience living in and escaping from North Korea. The 10:01 emphasized the social injustice and human rights component of current North Korean issues. The Masquerade Ball fundraiser was fully organized by the LiNK civic project team with a goal of increasing awareness of the refugee crisis. These events provided an opportunity for students in the class of 2022 to engage directly with discussions around North Korea. When asked, Kim said that SXP plans to provide similar programming for future cohorts. She explained that “living in Seoul is an optimal chance for students to gain a deeper understanding of the unique challenges that both South Korea and North Korea are facing.”  Similarly, when asked about the significance of their project, students from the LiNK civic project team repeatedly emphasized that they considered this project a unique opportunity to engage in a topic of limited access. Grace Sommers, a student on the civic project team, said, “it’s been really significant to connect with an important political issue in the Koreas right now… having this access to the culture, to engage with South Koreans and North Koreans, gave [me] a unique perspective that I wouldn’t have gotten otherwise.” 
 Now that the class of 2019 has graduated, Minerva Schools at KGI can apply for accreditation as an independent institution. Teri Cannon, Minerva’s Chief Accreditation officer, plans to submit a report around the end of this calendar year to begin the process. If all goes well for Minerva, the school could be a separately accredited university as early as June 2021. The accreditation system verifies that American higher learning institutions (and a few international ones) meet educational quality standards, a task that falls to the government in many other countries. The US Department of Education oversees and recognizes accrediting agencies, which in turn inspect and accredit postsecondary institutions in their region.  Minerva and other schools based in California are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). WASC accredits a wide variety of schools ranging from community colleges to religious institutions to Stanford and CalTech. No school is required to apply for accreditation, but, according to WASC, “because of the recognized benefits, most of the eligible institutions in this and other regions have sought to become accredited.”  When a school isn’t accredited, it likely doesn’t meet the WASC quality criteria. Accreditation, therefore, serves as the most basic test of a post-secondary institution’s legitimacy; it effectively splits the “fake” schools from the “real” ones. The first report Cannon submits in December 2019 or January 2020 will demonstrate that Minerva meets the 16 Eligibility Criteria for Initial Accreditation. These criteria include financial viability, a clear mission statement, learning resources like libraries, and alumni (this was what kept Minerva from applying before the class of 2019 graduated).  If the WASC’s Eligibility Review Committee approves the report, the two organizations will set a date for a WASC team to visit Minerva. According to Cannon, Minerva will then submit a second report two months before the visit. This document will demonstrate that Minerva meets the WASC’s Initial Accreditation Standards, a separate set of criteria from those used to determine Eligibility.  After reviewing this report, the WASC team will come to San Francisco for several days to meet with students and faculty to further investigate Minerva. Cannon estimates that this visit could take place in the spring of 2021 at the earliest or the fall of 2021 if a later date is necessary. The team may also travel to another location where Minerva has students that semester or meet with students currently based outside the US via video call. According to Cannon, the group will likely consist of five to six higher education experts with different individual specialties, including academics, finance, student support, and global education. Following the in-person review, the visiting team will determine if Minerva is in compliance with WASC’s Standards and pass their recommendation on to the WASC Commission that makes the final decision. If they accredit Minerva, the process is over except for periodic reviews.  If the Commission instead finds Minerva does not yet fully meet the Standards, they could deny Initial Accreditation. However, according to Cannon, the Commission would more likely grant Minerva “Candidacy” status. This status gives the school more time to show they meet the Standards before a second visit focused on the elements the team was not satisfied with.  “Many institutions take more than one visit to get Initial Accreditation,” Cannon said. “[But] we’re aiming to get it the first time out. We want to do everything possible to be sure we meet or exceed the standards.” As all prospective students are assured, Minerva is currently accredited by WASC, but as a branch campus of the Keck Graduate Institute (KGI), not an independent school. While Minerva “incubates”  within KGI, all major decisions at Minerva have been approved by the KGI administration, including faculty hires and substantial policy changes. The two schools formed a partnership about six years ago in part because KGI, another young institution founded in 1997, was progressive-minded and excited about active learning. According to Cannon, KGI was small and fast-acting enough to approve decisions quickly and match the fast pace of Minerva’s development. The agreement is revenue-neutral for both schools, though Cannon said Minerva is allowing KGI to use the Forum software at cost while the two institutions are partnered together. If WASC grants Minerva accreditation as a separate university, Cannon said, the incubation relationship between the two institutions will end. Students would no longer have access to shared resources like the Claremont Library (Minerva will have to develop its own library). Minerva would also get a new name to replace “Schools at KGI,” potentially “Minerva University.” The most recent WASC report commended Minerva on its “innovative pedagogical practices” and the “impressive” feedback internship employers give students. WASC accreditors have visited and assessed Minerva three times before: in 2013 and 2016, when the relationship between KGI and Minerva was reviewed and approved; and in 2018, when KGI’s Accreditation was reaffirmed. The most recent report commended Minerva on its “innovative pedagogical practices” and the “impressive” feedback internship employers give students.  The accreditors did find several potential issues during their investigation of Minerva. The 2018 report noted, for example, that “there is evidence suggestive of the need for greater attention to student academic support as well as mental and physical health services,” but carried on to say that “the school is aware of these concerns and has the leadership capacity to strengthen its support for student success.” Visiting team members are academics from traditional schools hired to find flaws in higher learning institutions. As such, they each approached Minerva with a reasonable amount of skepticism. According to Cannon, it took “a lot of time and energy and words on paper” to explain the Minerva model to the visiting team. These past reports seem promising, but Cannon emphasized that the accreditation process and its outcome are entirely under WASC’s control. While she and the rest of her team may do everything they can to get accreditation in one try, they can’t guarantee any outcome. If their work pays off, however, the class of 2022 could be the first graduates of an independently accredited “Minerva University.” Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that WASC teams had visited Minerva twice in the past. They have actually visited Minerva three times before.
 “Berlin is poor, but it’s sexy!” Continuum Berlin 2019 took place on December 14, 2019 in the form of an interactive exhibit that embodied the most iconic elements of the “Berlin experience,” intertwined with the unique life of Minerva students. The event broke away from the traditional structure to dive into a rebellious new format of experience design tailored to the city and the students. With attention to details as small as stickers on phone cameras (a practice common in many Berlin clubs to ensure privacy and keeping people off their phones) or as big as the venue itself, Berlin Continuum 2019 was a Minerva event unlike any other. The title of the event —  Merghain — was a play on “Minerva” and the name of the infamous Berlin nightclub “Berghain”, which was celebrating its 15th birthday on the same night. Merghain drew on the uniquely raw, edgy, and free aspects of life in the German capital while also creating a space for more reflective interactions and throwing the students on a rollercoaster experience of their lives in Berlin. “It was like the whole event was one beautiful piece of art.” The venue itself was a black-box theater, a simple open space that traditionally hosts modern theater and avant-garde performances. This venue set the precedent that the whole event itself would be a holistic piece of art. It also allowed for the space to be divided into different rooms, referencing the layout and names of the different rooms in the Berghain club. Before even entering the venue, there were several elements in place to set the stage and lead you into the mindset of Merghain. The entrance of the venue was hidden at the end of a broad concrete tunnel stemming from a graffiti-covered opening on the street. On the corner of that tunnel stood a street musician, a member of the class of M21 fully engaged in the role, playing guitar and collecting coins in an old hat. The very first feelings you get upon approaching are raw, urban and far from elegant. The concrete tunnel lead to a door where two Minerva staff members had transformed themselves into bouncers with black leather outfits and serious faces. They stopped every person at the door, asked for IDs and “roughed” them up a bit before letting them inside. Their acting was a big part of setting the scene and the uncanny feeling of seeing familiar faces in familiar roles that do not fit together. Following the bouncers, each person had to get a stamp and put a sticker over the front and back camera of their phones to enforce the experience of a Berlin club where privacy is highly valued. The ambiance was completed by the dress code in the theme of Berghain and wild Berlin freedom — guests and staff alike were wearing leather pants, revealing glowing tops, transparent dresses, torn up T-shirts, and fishnets with leather boots. The main room contained a conceptual art exhibit comprised of different pieces found on the streets of Berlin, which had been artistically transformed with graffiti, tape, and paint by students and displayed on the walls and the floor. Stage lights were shining on some of the pieces including an old television with its back taken out and painted and its insides on display, titled “Disconnected”, and two big windows with individual abstract graffiti artworks in each frame hung on the wall. The titles of the artworks were all a play on the traditional connotation of the objects displayed and the unique Minerva experience of the students. In addition to the displayed artworks, the room included a collaborative artwork where guests were invited to (legally) experience  “tagging a wall” or vandalizing an object. There was also a station where students could draw temporary tattoos on themselves or each other. The open space had a dual purpose: it invited participants to decipher the art they were looking at while also forcing them to interact with each other. The whole event was designed with the class of 2021 in mind, making references to their experiences and inside jokes. One of the centerpieces was a play on Duchamp’s Fountain, an artwork studied in freshman year and a piece famous for challenging the definition of art. “M21” was a toilet collected from the streets of Berlin, tagged with silver paint to say “M21” at the bottom where the signature would go. The inside of the toilet was spray-painted black and topped with a silver “#” for the HCs taught at Minerva. The scandalous artwork drew people in and provoked discussions about its meaning while also leaving room for interaction. Many participants embraced it as a representation of some frustrations they themselves had and enjoyed seeing displayed. Loud techno music was playing to set the mood of a traditional Berlin club, mixed in with some recognizable 80s and pop sounds to get people dancing. A small opening at the back of the exhibition space, marked by a neon sign with the words “Minerva @ Berghain” led into a smaller room lit up only by red neon lights and the sound system. It was the dance floor everyone could go dance in to experience the feeling of being in a cramped, dark club with loud music. The room fluctuated between packed and empty throughout the night as people were drawn to different parts of the event space. While Berlin is traditionally considered to be more loose, wild, and edgy, and trashy, there is also a side of the city that is warmer. When the loud and wild stage of Merghain was too much, people could go into the third section of the space where fairy lights and bean bags created a more intimate atmosphere. Polaroid pictures and craft tables embodied the Berlin hipster vibe and allowed people to experience the sustainability trend, working with their hands and talking to each other while reflecting on the more emotional aspects of their semester, accompanied by a slideshow of photos from the past four months. While maintaining that original purpose of reflecting on the city and the community, Merghain also challenged the boundaries of traditional institutional events at Minerva and blurred the lines between staff and students and formal structure and informal experiences. The dramatic dress code which initially scared some students ended up being the foundation of bonding and interaction. The lack of formal structure normally associated with these events allowed for a more free and collective experience between the whole community, transcending artificially created social groups, legacies or titles. The display of artworks and performances itself pushed the boundaries of the definition of art, blurred the lines of authorship and presented different modalities as coming together to form one holistic artistic expression of Berlin. All photos by Berfin Karaman.
 State of The Minerva Quest’s Finances:  How The Quest Uses Donations:  Updates to the Rewards Initiative (as of January 19th, 2020): Please see this previous announcement for the basics of how the rewards system works.  Rewards Grace Period  If you published an article in November or December 2019, we have extended the deadline for you to apply for a reward. You must fill out the form before the end of January 2020.  How Rewards are Claimed Please fill out this form (https://forms.gle/fqW8sgBhaooL7f8KA) to apply for a financial reward.  Rewards are only eligible for collection only if applications are filled out in the same month as when respective content is published on the Minerva Quest’s website. We review the forms and send out rewards on a monthly basis. Fill out the form, and we will reach out. Note that The Quest reserves the discretion to accept or reject and downgrade or upgrade rewards. The purpose of the form is to expedite the process and give content creators a voice in the process.  These definitions and the overall process are subject to change as we continue to refine our reward system. Remember, the aim of this initiative is to reward the hard work of our content producers, and to incentivize higher quality at larger quantities. If you have any questions, email f[email protected]. 
 Back in 2018, my timid, rule-following class, the class of 2021, was accused of not immersing in the city of San Francisco.  I can’t deny that we “refrained from smoking weed in Dolores Park, avoided sex dungeons, and didn’t purchase acid from strangers in Golden Gate Park.” We took it slow in our first months in San Francisco.  Maybe we were just planning something bigger… After all, M’21 has arguably made its mark on the global rotation cities: Just a month before that article was published, the mayor of San Francisco, Ed Lee, died, opening the city to two mayoral elections in the following months.  Living just one block away from city hall, the students were right in the middle of these heated campaigns. Okay, one unforeseen political event does not a global splash make.  But it wasn’t just one. In June 2018, just 3 months before M’21 moved to Seoul, the US opened relations with North Korea.  Students could often be found discussing weekly protests during their time in the city and never seemed surprised by the political developments.  Then in 2019 (after M’21 conveniently moved away from the Korean peninsula), the relationship between the two countries soured. Not yet convinced?  How about this: The Pulwama attack in northern India happened in February 2019, during our spring break in our Hyderabad semester.  Many students had taken this opportunity to travel north from the Minerva rotation city. Coincidence? I think not. Finally, M21 just finished our fall semester in Berlin.  In November the city celebrated the 30-year anniversary of the fall of the Berlin wall.  You might say that this is just an anniversary, there’s no way M’21 could have orchestrated that yet there is video evidence of M’21s hopping fences to attend celebrations at Brandenburg Gate. As we all learned in FA, correlation does not necessarily mean causation.  But the pattern is undeniable. What might be next? Argentine economy instability?  Brexit? Who knows what M’21 has up their sleeves?
 ? When I was tiny, I would lie in bed and barrage my father with questions before he left after attempting to put me to sleep. In a desperate attempt to keep the sliver of light from the quarter-open door there a minute longer, I would ask him: ? What did I ask him? What was on my mind when I was 8? What was it like to have musings that could be laid to rest with a parent’s reply, spoken as confidently and reassuringly as “good night?” I don’t remember. Maybe it had something to do with penguins, or China, or Star Wars? All things that I still wonder about now, though probably in very different ways.  What I do remember, though, is what my father would say to me, his voice tinged with a bit of pride, perhaps, and more than a bit of exasperation: “What, did someone hit you over the head with the question stick?”  ? I think that’s where it first took hold: the force of a question, the subtle violence of not knowing, but wanting to know, that could whack you real hard and leave your brains throbbing for days afterward.  ? It was a curved, twisted thing, hovering over the tiny dot of my grade school head like an omen. I didn’t think this then, of course. It was fun. I was in control. I had taken hold of a question stick of my own. I was using it to lightly prod some age-appropriate fun facts out of the seemingly infinite expanse of my father’s already balding head.  ? As I got older, the question stick, if you will allow me to continue with that metaphor, started to twist some more, morph. It started to seem like the question stick wasn’t a stick at all but had been sparked to life and was now starting to wriggle like a worm, or a snake (though I had always really liked snakes). In more evangelistic moods, I see it as a typographic rendering of that old story I learned in Sunday School: writhing temptation pointing to a small piece of forbidden fruit, the original sin of biting into knowledge you shouldn’t know.  Quite unstuck, the question snake curled around me. Squeezed. Held me too tight and whispered, “Why are you here? Who are you? Who are you to be here?”  ? You would, I suppose, call this being a teenager, would you not? Yes? A tiny person emerging to an awareness of their tininess?   ? Sure.  ? For the past ? years, this twisting? morphing? metaphor? mark? has stayed by my side, like a sword? or a pet? or a tapeworm? or a ghost who really just can’t let it go and move on?  ? Now, I see it as a self-portrait, or see myself as a reflection of it, bent into this ancient ? of uncertainty. I’m hunched over, an eternal navel-gazer, grasping and rationalizing but always hovering just out of reach of the point.  ? ? ? What’s next? ?
 This academic year, Minerva created the college’s first official Sustainability Team. The group, led by work-study student Kate Gilbert (M’20) and Natural Sciences professor Andy Dosmann, is working to assess and minimize Minerva’s negative environmental impact.   The creation of the team reflects a growing awareness of environmental issues at Minerva as more students and staff have discussions about green ways to travel and live on rotation. Dosmann told the Quest that, while he thought M’19 alum Louis Brickman’s capstone on Minerva’s sustainability was an added impetus, the team ultimately aligns with Minerva’s mission. “In all areas Minerva aims to iterate and improve,” Dosmann said. “So I think once we had graduates who had been through every step of the process, that led to some reflection that sustainability is an area worth some more focus.” The Sustainability Team’s first priority, according to Gilbert, is cutting down on waste created in student residences. During the Fall 2019 semester, they surveyed the student body about their purchasing behaviors during move-in and how well they understood recycling and eco-friendly shopping in each location.  Gilbert shared a report of the results with the student body. Overall, 192 students filled out the survey, and Gilbert noted that a large majority of the respondents were female. One interesting finding was that only 52 percent of M’21 students in Berlin responded that they understood local recycling guidelines, compared to 90 percent of M’22 students in Seoul, a city with strict recycling policies. This suggests an information gap that revised Elevation programming might alleviate. The results also indicated that many students in Seoul and San Francisco purchase supplies from the same stores (Daiso and Target, respectively), creating an opportunity for store-specific guidelines on environmentally-conscious shopping. Gilbert used the results to help make the class of 2020’s move from London to Taipei greener. In London, she helped streamline donations of items students were leaving behind and organized clothing swaps to dissuade individuals from simply throwing things away. In Taipei, she helped teach students about the strict recycling guidelines and worked on ideating ways that supplies students bought this semester might be passed down to future classes.  Similar initiatives have been organized informally by students and staff, such as circular economy-informed clothes swaps in Berlin and a zero-waste week challenge in Hyderabad. With the creation of a sustainability work-study position, however, these waste-reducing programs are becoming a consistent part of the global rotation routine.  The Sustainability Team is currently planning several potential future projects to minimize Minerva’s negative impact on the environment, including conducting an environmental audit of the school. Dosmann said that the team is focusing on collecting information and developing systems for assessing Minerva’s environmental footprint more generally, which will guide further efforts to reduce waste and emit less carbon.  Gilbert is hopeful that, in the next several years, students will see a significant increase in environmentally conscious programming, perhaps including first-year lessons on climate change and understanding one’s personal footprint. In the meantime, she emphasized that students can share ideas with her team via the Minerva sustainability email as they strive to lay the foundation for this future work. At the end of the year, Minerva will review the results of the Sustainability Team and work-study position pilot. Dosmann told the Quest that it’s likely that the position will continue next year and continue to address the areas of improvement that their data collection identifies. He has high hopes for how Minerva could eventually set high standards for higher education sustainability.  “Our sustainability challenges are not unique when you consider things like traditional study-abroad programs,” he said. “There are active organizations focused on tackling the sustainability challenges of higher education, which are resources for us to draw from. I hope that going forward Minerva can be an innovative contributor.”
 We, the administration, are glad to announce that so far no student currently enrolled in Minerva has died as a direct result of the virus. While we see this as a demonstration of how good we are at taking care of our students, we are not resting on our laurels. These guidelines are designed to ensure the safety of our students.  While we are not completely sure these will actually ensure your safety, our lawyers assured us that these new policies will protect us in case one of your parents loses their shit and decides to sue.  The coronavirus originated in the food markets of Wuhan where improperly cooked snakes and bats created a new mutation of respiratory system viruses. Eating snakes and bats are totally normal cultural practices in certain parts of the world and we’re way too woke to criticize that, but they taste bad. Stick to a strict diet of packet ramen and rice triangles, and make sure to eat them in irregular hours. This is why your class schedule looks the way it does.  This is like the best tip we can give you. We know you slobs have been pooping around all day, picking your nose and shaking hands with civic partners without using soap. But hey, soap exists! It’s a magical substance invented in 1847 and is commonly held in almost every household. We just assumed you guys just didn’t know about it until now.  Btw, you put it on your hands, but don’t just leave it there! Use water to remove it.  City immersion is for sick people. The city is your campus, but the residence hall is your residence hall, and you should stay there.  Besides their lack of creative genius compared to the average minervan displays, other people are gross. Do you even know where the last place they put their tongue was? It was probably Wuhan. To avoid the risk of exposure to unknown diseases, capitalize on the rich multicultural microbiome of the Minerva community.  As a rule of thumb, crabs are better than coronavirus.  We have no evidence to support that this actually does anything, but better safe than sorry, eh?    Currently, you are all alive. Our insurance covers a 10% loss of students, so until we see maggots in the res hall we will not be evacuating shit.  Other insects and black mold are totally fine.  Keep healthy or die, Minerva administration.
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s new series featuring the final projects and assignments of Minerva students. This Location Based Assignment (LBA) was written for Minerva’s Government and Social Change course, by Tahna Kate, Minerva Class of 2021.  To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  “Are we facing the end of the ‘idea of India’ given to us by our founding fathers?” remarked P. Chidambaram, former Union Minister of Finance and current Member of Parliament in India, introducing his newly-published Undaunted: Saving the Idea of India. The ‘idea’ in question is highly Nehruvian, a nation-state which establishes and practices secularism within a country’s democratic framework, defeating the communal forces of separate regions and uniting under one nation: Hindustan. A discrepancy rises when we consider states like Orissa, Telangana or Tamil Nadu, where regional parties remain dominant. Consider Telangana, whose 2014 General Elections favored neither the Congress nor the BJP. Instead, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) formed the first government in Telangana with a majority victory of 63 out of 113 seats (“Telangana Rashtra Samithi – Wikipedia,” n.d.). For this paper, we will focus on the following question: given the dominant national narrative of a united India, why do regional politics prevail in the state of Telangana?  According to Encyclopedia Princetoniensis, regionalism refers to ‘movements demanding territorial autonomy within unitary states leading to political decentralization and regional autonomy’ (“Regionalism and Regionalization | Encyclopedia Princetoniensis,” n.d.). An alternative definition holds that a central state which delivers policies on a regional basis can also be considered regionalist, although the case against this latter definition is well-supported in the context of Telangana. Telangana became a separate geographical and political entity on June 2, 2014, as the 29th and the youngest state in Union of India (“Telangana State Portal History,” n.d.). The Telangana demand sprang from decades of Telangana leaders accusing the people of Andhra of seizing government jobs and land, and the central government of not investing in the region’s infrastructure (Desk, 2016). Previously, despite formal structures of liberal democracy, elected representatives of Telangana were never taken seriously nor given positions of power to take care of constituencies, which belonged exclusively to leaders from Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra (Vaddiraju, n.d.). As a result, we can agree that regionalism in this context refers to a political ideology that prioritizes local over national. The economy of Telangana is mainly agrarian and the regional party, TRS, came to power riding on promises of welfare schemes, mega irrigation projects and the charismatic leadership of Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao. Also, since its founding in 2001, the TRS carried a sustained agitation to grant statehood to Telangana. Under these circumstances, supporting the TRS government rationally aligned with peoples’ employment, irrigation, agriculture demands and need for recognition as an autonomous state. This fulfills the criteria of rational choice theory, which explains institutional outcomes in terms of micro-level analysis of individual behavior that presupposes individuals are rational agents that seek to maximize utility. Indeed, compared to the BJP-led Union government, the TRS-led Telangana movement is pro- poor, consistently delivering welfare schemes such as timely pensions, small funds for marriages of rural women and health subsidies in private hospitals (Vaddiraju, n.d.). However, the calculations of utility fall short when we account for the perplexing case of farmers’ suicides: Telangana has witnessed nearly 4,000 farmers commit suicide due to agrarian distress in the last four years, especially tenant farmers who are excluded from investment support and insurance coverage schemes (“Deplorable Situation of Agriculture in Telangana,” 2018). Additionally, many have accused the TRS government of rampant nepotism and corruption (“Telangana Congress releases charge sheet against TRS, alleges government of corruption, nepotism, and misrule,” n.d.). Nevertheless, with 90 seats, the TRS numbers were almost four times the combined total of the two national parties in the most recent elections in December 2018 (S, 2018). As a result, there is some evidence that heavy identity stances regarding regional parties can bias individual calculations of maximum utility and hurt vulnerable populations originally meant to benefit. Deplorable Situation of Agriculture in Telangana: TRS’s Role. (2018, November 2). Retrieved March 9, 2019, from https://www.newsclick.in/deplorable-situation-agriculture-telangana-trss-role Desk, I. (2016, June 1). The story of India’s 29th State — Telangana. The Hindu. Retrieved from https://www.thehindu.com/news/national/telangana/The-story-of-Indias-29th-State-%E2%80%94-Telangana/article14384461.ece Regionalism and Regionalization | Encyclopedia Princetoniensis. (n.d.). Retrieved March 9, 2019, from https://pesd.princeton.edu/?q=node/264 S, A. B. L. (2018, December 7). Telangana polls: Major shift in India’s youngest state’s political rhetoric. Business Standard India. Retrieved from https://www.business-standard.com/article/elections/telangana-polls-major-shift-in-india-s-youngest-state-s-political-rhetoric-118120700149_1.html Telangana Congress releases charge sheet against TRS, alleges government of corruption, nepotism, and misrule. (n.d.). Retrieved March 9, 2019, from http://www.newindianexpress.com/elections/telangana-elections/2018/nov/25/telangana-congress-releases-charge-sheet-against-trs-alleges-government-of-corruption-nepotism-an-1902938.html Telangana Rashtra Samithi – Wikipedia. (n.d.). Retrieved March 9, 2019, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telangana_Rashtra_Samithihttp://images.newindianexpress.com/uploads/user/imagelibrary/2018/11/25/w900X450/Cong.jpg Telangana State Portal History. (n.d.). Retrieved March 9, 2019, from https://www.telangana.gov.in/about/history Vaddiraju, A. K. (n.d.). POLITICS IN THE STATE OF TELANGANA: IDENTITY, REPRESENTATION AND DEMOCRACY, 18
 The following piece is part of the Quest’s series featuring final projects and other assignments of Minerva students. This Location Based Assignment (LBA) was written for Minerva’s Government and Social Change course, by Jakob Possert, Minerva Class of 2021.  To view more final projects, click here. If you are a Minerva student and would like to have your final project published,  fill out this form.  Five female Indian poets had been invited to the Goethe-Zentrum in Hyderabad to participate in a panel discussion about poetry and feminist activism on 8th of March 2019, the International Women’s day. The event drew about 70 people of whom about one-seventh were men and was titled “Interrogating Patriarchy” – inspired by Rajshree Trivedi’s recent poem book of the same name (2018). The author started the panel off with a reflection on how this book came about and read a short excerpt of a poem.  By following with a brief treatise of how poetry is not activism by itself but has to be invigorated by the readers, Humera Ahmed,  set the tone for a discourse built on the basis of how the act of writing and reading contentious poems shapes normative ideas in society, such as Muslim women writing about sexuality. Furthermore, reflections on how there is an issue between men and women show the implicitly constructivist approach to understand feminism, which was only briefly contrasted by a Swedish audience member towards the end when she pointed out how individual sexual harassment is in fact embedded in a larger structure. The renowned feminist and communist inspired anti-discrimination activist Vasanth Kannabiran (2006), gave the major emotional speech of the evening when she explicitly mentioned several struggles women are facing, such as issues concerning dowry debt, and admonished the participants to continue this struggle, including in the engagement with poetry, for otherwise ‘there will be no International women’s day to celebrate next year’. Even while Vasanth was using established feminist terminology in many instances, there have been a few concepts which she described instead of marking it as a familiar concept: for example, the struggle of Muslim women as being a minority within a minority has not been labeled as intersectional feminism and has only been surmised under the struggle against any discrimination. After the importance of poetry for activism has thus been affirmed, poems among others about the wives of farmer’s who committed suicide due to debts, were read by Jameela Nishat, a social activist and Urdu poet (Mukherjee & Sheik, 2019), and Volga, a Telugu poet and author of the book The Liberation of Sita, the obedient consort of Lord Rama which continues to be an ideal for Indian women (Sharma, 2017).  Lastly, the floor was opened to the audience where general concerns of the participants were raised, such as women worrying about the social media as both a bad and a good influence on feminism and its demands. While in most only vague and metaphorical causalities have been established, when a woman voiced the issue of childhood education, the panelists established that not only men are responsible for the perpetuation of patriarchy but also the mothers who raise their male children with these ideas.  It has been left implicit that these gatherings are also contributing to the awareness of feminism in India and are thus effectively undermining patriarchal ideas. The vibrant atmosphere in the room and the many inquiries of the panelist in the end are testimony to the success of the panel as a worthy celebration of the International Women’s day through the subjectively reflective medium of poetry. References Kannabiran, V. (2006) Comrade Vasanth’s Vision. Retrieved from https://www.boloji.com/articles/5022/comrade-vasanths-vision. Mukherjee, M. & Sheikh, A. (2019) Liberating the caged bird. Retrieved from http://www.socialworkindia.in/images/PDFS/Jameela-Nishat.pdf. Sharma, S. (2017) The democratic space to disagree is shrinking in India: Telugu writer Volga. Retrieved from https://www.hindustantimes.com/books/the-democratic-space-to-disagree-is-shrinking-in-india-telugu-writer-volga/story-JLL0uaiPD3jt3wBYsPa5FL.html. Trivedi, R. (2018) Interrogating Patriarchy: Essays on Contemporary Women Poets of India. Authorspress.  
 This piece is the first in the Quest’s effort to draw out student voices and opinions by converting insightful comments and discussions from the community’s various Facebook groups into articles. This is meant to serve as a gentle introduction to the most drastic differences in social interactions and norms between direct and indirect cultures, and as a starter guide for an unfamiliar mind adapting to Seoul. This is particularly the case for the class of 2021 which will spend the coming semester in Seoul. I hope that by showcasing the drama of our first week in Seoul last year, I can help to clarify and explain cultural differences and share some useful learning opportunities. Last year, as we excitedly set up for the first week in Seoul, rumors circulated that our residence hotel was infuriated because fellow classmates got drunk and behaved inappropriately. Shortly thereafter, we received an email from our beloved residential staff member, Katie Hyon. Here is an excerpt of what she said: “It is severely against Korean decorum, and considered incredibly impolite to drink soju [popular Korean rice liquor] straight from the bottle… I was told by upset hotel staff that multiple students were seen passed out in the lobby and the outdoor patio tables, how one student went into the lobby-adjacent restroom, took off all their clothes and slept there bare, and that students have been drinking on the roof.” Rage! The hotel, naturally, was incensed and closed off the roof for safety purposes. Although this is hilarious, it does not yet warrant its own article. Instead, what intrigued me was the misunderstanding between the students, staff, and hotel personnel: the staff and hotel were outraged, whereas students thought it was no big deal and the hotel had “zero chill.” The misunderstanding was cultural. If it were a hotel in San Francisco, the staff would have perhaps berated the students and killed the party, and we would have known how serious they were about it. To translate the cultural connotations, drinking soju from the bottle in a hotel lobby in downtown Gangnam is like drinking vodka from the bottle in a hotel lobby in downtown Manhattan. However, like most parts of East Asia, Korea has a reserved and indirect culture.  Even if drinking soju in public and getting wildly drunk was completely outside of the Korean social norm, the hotel staff would be morally obliged not to criticize guests directly and kill the party. In East Asian cultures, a guest commands higher respect than the norm. In general, hosts are supposed to put their guests higher than themselves. We were guests at the hotel and it would be considered somewhat rude for the hotel to face us off directly. It would just be bad business. So they took the more reserved approach of notifying Hyon, and letting her handle the issue ex post facto. As a person who has had reasonable exposure to both cultural styles of communication, I felt obligated to write a post in the Minerva Seoul Facebook group. To my delight, the post was well-received. At the request of the Minerva Quest, here I share the original post, edited to reflect context: Before I say anything, I hope that my piece here is not at all taken as a judgment, but as a (hopefully unbiased) observation, and an invitation for discussion on culture shocks and cultural differences. Accountability is perceived and tolerated differently across cultures. Let me elaborate. In more direct cultures, people do things until others ask them not to. The expectation, correct me if I’m mistaken, is that everyone is supposed to be direct in doing things, be appropriately reactive to others’ voiced concerns, and speak up to people when they dislike something. Being accountable in a direct setting stems from these norms, i.e. addressing others’ concerns and react accordingly. This set of norms is self-consistent and forms a stable social order. In more indirect cultures — assuming my East Asian cultural background is any good in providing a coarse understanding of Korean culture — asking other people not to do things is already considered on the unnecessary/uncomfortable side. The expectation is that everyone should be considerate in their actions, be appropriately proactive to others’ potential concerns, and criticize indirectly and reservedly when they dislike something. Being accountable in an indirect setting stems from this set of norms, i.e. addressing others’ concerns proactively. This other set of norms, although alien to the direct person, is also self-consistent and forms a different stable social order. When I first arrived in San Francisco, I had a culture shock much like this one, but the other way around. My first week in, I felt that everyone was direct, unreserved — even rude if you will — in their opinions and discussions, and I felt attacked by the entire environment. I knew what it is like to think in a Western setting, but it hadn’t been intuitive. I can’t recognize faces, I don’t even know how long a hug or handshake is appropriate, what acceptable small talk is, and a million other smaller things. Around mid-term, my brain finally began to understand what it feels like to operate in a Western setting. The thing with cultural adaptation is that open-mindedness is but the baseline prerequisite. More importantly, it takes time and practice to learn it intuitively. In this respect, I have to say that Seoul residence hotel is not the most friendly environment to get practice. But please, please don’t give up and say “fuck it, I’m done with this shit.” In an effort to persuade you all, from a very utilitarian perspective, Korean culture is mostly generalizable to a lot of other East Asian cultures, which covers about a quarter of the global population. So you would rightly ask – “how do people even do anything here if they don’t voice concerns?” Short answer: they reckon and ask for permission and opinion first, and then do things. Long answer: they intuit potential opinions from social norms and what they know about the stakeholders, ask for permission/opinions, and then proceed. It might seem counterproductive, but it goes together with the other norms in indirect settings – unless what you’re doing is outrageous, most of the times people won’t outright turn you down/criticize/react when you ask them for permission. Therefore, I believe Katie was not overreacting when she sent that email: for people in a more indirect culture, the barrier to react negatively is high. When people react or criticize even given an indirect culture, harm is likely already done (like our hotel in the rooftop case). Again, this is meant as a hopefully factual piece, and not at all any pointed judgment. I am not an expert in Korean culture per se, but I have been through a culture shock, and some of my East Asian cultural background (Chinese) is translatable to South Korea. Feel free to ask me for opinions on East Asian culture, general differences between West/East (which I strive to be free of judgment against either side), and strategies for cultural adaptation. Cheers. The offer stands: I’m always glad to discuss and learn about cultural differences. It has been my reasoning that since I cannot expect other people to adapt culturally to me, I will actively adapt to all other cultures. I have nothing to lose, and only knowledge to gain from adaptations — this was principally why I came to Minerva. Have fun in Seoul, and drink soju from a glass!
 Professor Suzzane Kern – the Capstone Head Instructor and Assistant Professor of Natural Sciences – visited Minerva classes of 2020 and 2021, in London and Berlin respectively. Her visit was primarily intended to provide Capstone related support for students in all stages of their project as they start off their fall semester.  Students arrived with questions about the purpose, requirements, and structure of the Capstone. In response, Kern emphasized that projects should be independent and self-directed (even if students have a partnering organization or company). “Something you are willing to spend an entire year doing”, she elaborated.  The brainstorming sessions were student-discussion focused. In small groups, students reflected: What gets you in a state of flow? What are your values? What do you look for in a project? According to Emma Stiefel (M’21), Kern was hands-off, only occasionally reminding students not to overfocus on practical concerns and instead to discuss all ideas without judgment. Emma found the emphasis on the deeper values and interests behind one’s ideas useful during her more personal brainstorming sessions. “The Capstone isn’t designed or supposed to be an obstacle to you doing what you want, the rules shouldn’t stop you from doing it.” she further commented.   Kern interacted with students in more informal settings too, talking to students about her life and interests over breakfast and baklava, among other things.  The sessions welcomed students at various stages of their Capstone ideation process. Kornelija Ukolovaitė‎to (M’21), for instance, has more specific questions about a subset of ideas she’s committed to. “I wish I had prepared more to ask follow-ups. I could’ve utilized the 1:1s better if I’d done more research.” These reflections valuable express the range of preparedness and anxieties students experience in their Capstone journeys. As Kern remarked, “In Berlin, I talked with students at all stages of project ideation – on one end of the spectrum, many who had no sense yet about what they might do and at the other end, some students who have an idea they’ve been thinking about for months.” Kern also interacted with students in more informal settings, talking to students about her life and interests over breakfast and baklava, among other things. Erin Paglione, another 2021 student, went to a movie night with the Professor and some other students, watching two episodes of “One Strange Rock”, a documentary series on planet Earth hosted by Will Smith. Students spent a relaxing evening, with no questions asked about the Capstone.  She hosted Q&A sessions, 1:1s, small group drop-ins, and workshops for backward planning (a type of planning where students start with an end goal and work backward to determine the steps to get there). The sessions aimed at filling knowledge gaps and making the most of Capstone for senior students.  On the student’s level of preparation, Kern reported, “… they were right where we would expect.” While bigger workshops focused on specific approaches to general Capstone pursuit, she explained how 1:1s or small groups were more helpful for students with specific questions about their personal projects. Students expressed their gratitude for all the patience and support provided by Kern during her time in London.   “ I see students stall out…[because] they’re thinking about their broad aims and objectives rather than identifying actionable tasks. ”  While each student took away a different lesson from the workshops, many appreciated taking the time out of their schedule. Kern reported that understanding and clearing roadblocks during Capstone related work were particularly important for seniors. Klara (M’20) reflected on her experience. She got clarity in her process during the spring semester of her third year. “[Prof Kern] did help me a lot …. when it came to defining the project, encouraging me to stretch the boundaries of what [it] could be, and keeping me accountable,” she said.  When asked to give one piece of advice for struggling students, Kern responded, “I see students stall out…[because] they’re thinking about their broad aims and objectives rather than identifying actionable tasks. At whatever phase you’re in, decide on something to do, carve out the necessary time in your schedule, remove distractions, and get down to work.” With Capstone assignments due every two weeks, only time will tell how students manage to make progress in their own time and schedule.   While the uncertainty of a proper Capstone project looms over many students, Professor Kern and the academic team have tried their best to support Minerva students through multiple efforts. They’ve clearly communicated their support extends beyond these physical workshops and are always available for further clarification and consultation, should a student deem it necessary.
 M’21 students arriving in Berlin this fall were greeted with canvas tote bags and a new idea to ponder: regeneration. The concept permeated welcome events and other SXP activities as a reminder of the potential of optimistic activism, especially with regards to environmental activism. Every Minerva city’s SXP team has emphasized at least one theme: jugaad (innovation within constraints) in Hyderabad, rapid development in Seoul, and the Silicon Valley ethos in San Francisco. What makes Berlin’s theme of regeneration slightly different is its emphasis on activism and the humanities rather than technology and business.  For Henning Gärtner, the Minerva City Experience Manager in Berlin, regeneration is about reframing catastrophic problems, like the climate crisis or the lingering trauma of the Holocaust and the Berlin Wall, in tractable, hopeful ways. Ultimately, he hopes students move away from thinking, “it’s all going to end so I can just have fun,” and towards the idea that “hopefully, we can change things; how can we do that?” “Rather than having you guys feel like the superfluous generation, the generation that isn’t really needed because you don’t have jobs or a future, I like the idea of you being the generation that can change the course of how things are going,” Gärtner said.  As Minervans you have a very extreme footprint because you’re jet-setting around the world on airplanes… I don’t want to be moralistic and say we should fly less, but I think it’s important to be aware of our own imprint and [think about how we can give back.]” In relation to environmentalism, regeneration could be seen as one step beyond sustainability. The latter focuses on maintaining the current status quo for future generations rather than restoring ecosystems back to older, healthier states. The green movement is everywhere in Berlin, and staff have tried to incorporate it into the Minerva experience by eliminating disposable plastic from feasts, providing communal bulk spices, and giving every student a reusable shopping bag. “As Minervans you have a very extreme footprint because you’re jet-setting around the world on airplanes and there’s a lot of consumption involved,” Gärtner commented. “I don’t want to be moralistic and say we should fly less, but I think it’s important to be aware of our own imprint and [think about how we can give back.]” But Gärtner also connected regeneration to the idea of “composting history,” or taking the city’s tortured past and turning it into something beautiful, or at least educational. During the SXP-led Exploration Day event, for example, many students visited the site of a church that had been bombed during World War II. Today, the space is filled with a huge, open metal sculpture commemorating the community that worshipped there rather than ruins. “We did not want to limit Berlin to be about remembrance and so on, because it tends to be the cliche about Germany, that it’s all about the Holocaust and the Wall,” Gärtner said. “It’s this kind of sinister image and it leaves Berlin in a kind of time capsule. But I see Berlin as the city of the future.” He hopes that Minerva students will be a part of building that future during their four months in Berlin, with the idea of regeneration as their guide.
 Having a hobby that you can practice in every Minerva city is great. Having a hobby that gets better by doing it in every Minerva city is amazing. I first got into birdwatching in Seoul through the Winter Wings civic project and have been doing it ever since. It’s a great way to spend time outside, make new friends, and learn a thing or two about wildlife and conservation issues in the global rotation countries. Want to get into birdwatching too? Here is some info to get you started. While you absolutely can look at birds without binoculars, it is a whole other experience with them. To get started simply go to a flea market, online retailer, or a local sports store and find a pair that is in your price range. I started out with a $15 USD pair I used as a child, then upgraded to a medium price range after two years (about $130).  When testing, pay attention to the brightness and magnification. 8×42 is a recommended setting. 8 is the magnification, which you don’t want too high so you don’t immediately lose the bird when it moves. 42 is the angle, which indicates brightness and just gets better the higher it goes. A camera with a good zoom is a great alternative as well, with the added bonus of being able to share your pictures or come back to them to help with identification. While Merlin does not yet work in every rotation city because the makers need to train the system with the birds likely to be seen in each region (RIP me in Buenos Aires), it is an awesome tool for bird identification. You can either upload a picture or answer a few questions to get a list of suggestions. eBird collects data for scientific projects (including my capstone) and is a great resource when trying to decide where to go birding. You can search for hotspots, which are user-suggested and ornithologist-approved places to go birding in specific areas, like a city or state you are visiting. For each hotspot, you can see what other people have observed there recently, or get more information on specific birds. It is a great way to keep track of your sightings and even get a map of places you birded before. Even if you have accessed the knowledge and experience of birders in your area through eBird, nothing beats talking to local birders and ornithologists or joining a tour. There is a Birding Berlin Facebook group that goes on regular walks in different parks. In Hyderabad, there is an even more active community, with the Hyderabad Birding Pals Facebook group having about 5.1k members and regular outings. If you just want to get a taste, the botanical garden is a great start or any other larger park of the city (check eBird to get an idea of what you may see). In Buenos Aires, I went a step further and paid for a full-day trip to Entre Rios with another Minervan and local guides from Sandpiper Birding & Tours. It was absolutely breathtaking and we saw over 100 bird species I had never seen before. The beauty —and difficulty— of birding on rotation is that each city has completely different birds with the exception of rock doves (aka. feral pigeons) and (house) sparrows, which are literally everywhere. Below are three of my favorite local birds in Berlin, tips on seeing them, and why I love them so much. The brilliant color and elegant fishing skills of this beautiful bird make them very difficult, yet extremely fun, to observe. The best places to see them in Berlin are on the outskirts of the city by clean lakes or creeks that have overhanging branches. You can tell male and female birds apart by their lower beak color (orange for females and black for males). This bird is not too difficult to observe, and I love their roundness and high-pitched singing, especially in winter. Go to Tiergarten or a smaller park if you want to see one. I absolutely love these birds and even wrote an assignment on them. They behave a bit like woodpeckers since they hunt insects from bark, but unlike woodpeckers, they can walk upside down on a tree stem. They are the only birds that can do this. With a completely different climate and continent, it comes as no surprise that Buenos Aires has a very different set of just as interesting birds. It is a medium-sized and very common bird. You can see them in every park of Buenos Aires, but the reason I like them so much is their nest, a perfectly round clay construction they sometimes even stack on top of each other.  A scavenger and opportunistic hunter you can see flying over the ecological reserve near the Buenos Aires residence. I just think they look absolutely badass. The males of this species are truly party in the front and business in the back. I love how mismatched it looks. You can see these in the ecological reserve, but going a bit further out of the city gives you higher chances. 
 The Senior class is in Taipei this Semester for the first time, and the new time zone challenges have affected class scheduling. Toni Shroeder of 2020 writes about her experience and opinion on the subject of late classes and how they affect learning.  For the first time at Minerva, the senior class is in Taiwan for their final semester. While this brings numerous logistical challenges, none should have been more foreseeable, and more predictably difficult, than synchronizing class schedules across time zones. Most upper-level classes are scheduled for the Buenos Aires time zone. Taiwan, being 11 hours ahead of Buenos Aires, left the outgoing class with no option but to take late-night classes. Student’s concerns, voiced individually, in groups, or via the ASM, have been poorly addressed by administration. The resulting class-times for the fourth-year cohort negatively impact class performance, healthy sleep schedules, and learning in general, something that has manifested in my current experience with taking class until 1:30 am. This is unacceptable at an institution claiming to have been built on the foundations of the science of learning.  Course scheduling for the Spring 2020 semester presented M20 students in Taipei with severely limited options. Of the 48 courses available, eight were offered between 9 am – 9 pm, Taiwan time; this being because classes were targeted towards the current junior class located in Buenos Aires. Out of these eight, four were in the Computer Science College, and 2 in both the Arts and Humanities and the Social Science College. The original course schedule did not offer any classes between 9 am and 9 pm in either the Natural Science or Business College. I distributed a survey to the senior class to understand students’ experiences with scheduling and class times this semester. Of the 44 responses (50% of the student body in Taipei), 18.2% had a class they needed to complete their major that was not being offered between 9 am – 9 pm. 31.8% of students had a class they needed to complete their second major, second concentration, or minor that was not being offered between the same time span. Finally, 40.9% stated that there were classes they would have liked to take outside of that same time span.  Minerva’s official response, sent in an email on November 14th to the ASM, provided several reasons for the current situation. Primarily, Minerva responded that second majors, concentrations, or minors were not a priority in the design of the course schedule. For those missing a course to complete their major, administration stated they were able to place all required courses between 7 am – 11:30 pm. Students asking for new, more reasonably timed class sections were told to find a minimum of 16 students for a new class section to be created; the reasoning being that new sections require a new professor and it would make several students switch sections. The statement continued by saying this would create a ripple effect throughout the course schedule, creating further logistical challenges. Several members of administration asserted that 9 am – 9 pm is a limited time span for acceptable teaching hours. The administration proposed that our conception of reasonable waking hours should be between 6 am and midnight. They then referenced jobs and responsibilities in life that require one to get up earlier than 9 am and work later than 9 pm. On multiple occasions – both formal and informal – Minerva staff have argued they want to prepare us for life post-University, and that this course schedule is one building block in that pursuit. Finally, Minerva administrators have provided examples of their own hectic work-related schedules – such as late-night meetings outside of these hours – in an attempt to explain that working outside of these hours is acceptable.  The science of learning – upon which Minerva claims it is built – finds this type of schedule is detrimental to student health and fundamentally counterproductive to student learning. Research shows that, for most people, learning is significantly more effective during the day and increasingly more difficult at night (Chaudhury et al., 2005). Yet, the current class schedule has seniors taking classes until 1:30 am in the morning. Other studies find learning happens most effectively if it occurs at the same hour every day (Paolone, 2012). However, the nature of bi-weekly classes places most Minerva students in the position where they take late evening classes on one day and not the next. This also means that students go to bed at different hours every night. We already know that attention and learning are severely inhibited by irregular sleep schedules (Wright, 2006). The class schedule created for and supported by administration forced students into these types of irregular schedules. The evidence is clear: this semester’s class schedule hurts student learning. I am in no way insinuating that Minerva placed students in this position by choice, but the administration has also not been forthcoming in addressing student’s concerns. When asked why second majors, second concentration, or minors were not prioritised in the scheduling process, the emailed response was that students were never promised that these classes would be a priority. However, the issue is not even that students are unable to finish their planned degrees, but that there are close to no class options for students who still have credits to fulfill. A senior hoping to graduate in May must finish all their credits this semester. I am a Social Science major; not a single class in my college was offered between 6 am and midnight that I had not taken already. Even in the Arts and Humanities College, the major outside of mine most closely aligned with my interests, there was one class between 6 am and midnight I had not yet taken. The problem is not only that I could not finish my second concentration without staying up until 1:30 am, as I had two courses worth of credits left to fill, I had difficulties accumulating enough credits within reasonable waking hours to graduate this May. Minerva encouraged me to substitute a class with outside summer credit. In other words, my current educational institution was not able to provide me with learning opportunities within reasonable waking hours. Instead, they encourage me to substitute credits for educational experiences Minerva did not provide or contribute to, while still paying the same tuition.  There are students in class until 1:30 am and then class again at 7 am. These students don’t have a chance at getting the 8 hours of sleep recommended I am a senior in college and I have to stay up until 1:30 am twice a week to take a Cognitive Neuroscience class. Classes at Minerva are designed to be stimulating; even when class is over I spend 1.5 – 2 hours falling asleep because my brain needs time to shut off. The problem continues on the days on which my classes finish earlier, as the confusion of my internal clock keeps me awake. I have spent the last 3.5 years at Minerva finding the optimal sleep schedule for myself. This has included going to bed between 11 pm and midnight and sleeping a consistent 8 hours. The class scheduling this semester makes that routine impossible. I could see as early as week three that I was performing far below my normal average. This has become apparent through my in-class participation and my grades thus far. The crazy thing is, I’m one of the lucky ones. There are students in class until 1:30 am and then class again at 7 am. These students don’t have a chance at getting the 8 hours of sleep recommended for effective cognitive functioning.  Minerva as an educational institution must first and foremost educate its students. Currently, Minerva is failing at this task. No other full-time university student has to stay up until 1:30 am to take a class. No other full-time university student has to explain to their administration why this is problematic. If Minerva is not able to provide the opportunity to take classes at a reasonable hour they need to seriously reconsider whether sending seniors to Taiwan in their last semester is a reasonable option. If scheduling classes for seniors in Taiwan is difficult then this needs to be clearly communicated to students beforehand. The current junior class should be made aware that they should strive to finish all their requirements by the fall semester in senior year. If scheduling normal classes for the Taiwan semester is unfeasible, then all senior tutorials should be scheduled during the spring semester, and students who are not allowed to take tutorials, such as Business students, should be allowed to audit them. Minerva must also ensure students can fulfill their required credits within reasonable waking hours, without encouraging students to pay Minerva for educational experiences they did not provide. Finally, Minerva needs to realise there are reasonable limits to the hours at which students can be expected to take class. While I personally agree that a 6 am class is somewhat acceptable, anything beyond 9 pm should be avoided, simply because research on learning shows us this is counterproductive. Most traditional educational institutions would agree that these class hours are unreasonable, to say the least. If Minerva truly wants to revolutionise higher education, they need to seriously confront these issues, if not for my class, at least for those after me.  Chaudhury, Dipesh, Louisa M. Wang, and Christopher S. Colwell. 2005. ‘Circadian Regulation of Hippocampal Long-Term Potentiation’. Journal of Biological Rhythms 20(3): 225–36.Paolone, G., T. M. Lee, and M. Sarter. 2012. ‘Time to Pay Attention: Attentional Performance Time-Stamped Prefrontal Cholinergic Activation, Diurnality, and Performance’. Journal of Neuroscience 32(35): 12115–28.Wright, Kenneth P. et al. 2006. ‘Sleep and Wakefulness Out of Phase with Internal Biological Time Impairs Learning in Humans’. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 18(4): 508–21. 
 4 a.m., fluorescent lights. Feet still cold (note to self: never again wear sandals on trans-oceanic flights) shuffle over white tile, blurry eyes blink over pale walls, drift up to empty ceilings. Everything muted, but so, so bright.  Eyes, a little wider, lock onto a rainbow gash in the universe. Hand — the right one — lets go of baggage to hold a tiny bottle. Surprise, because it’s warm. Kind of nice. Payment, and two sighs of relief: the card works, and so does “thank you.” Eyes dart back to check on baggage. All safe. Body sits down, white table white chair white light and, yep, white hand.  It’s still warm. An unfamiliar temperature, not lukewarm, but not hot enough to hurt you even if you tried, even if you’re the stupid type who always scalds your tongue.   It’s metal, also. It makes a sound if you tap it, which the right hand does. The groove-lined top screws off with a tiny tearing noise.  The bottle is red. Mostly. A nice, bright red, like the shade on the flag.  The taste is also unfamiliar. Like coffee passed through a sugar sieve into a dream. Pause, let it linger. It’s like the coffee candy from two years ago, consumed in desperate hope of energy. Liquid, though, flowing down the back of the throat. A drop on the table is dark dark brown mixed with quite a bit of the encompassing white. It tastes a little bit like medicine, a prescription for red eyes.  The warmth fades a bit, the tone of the tapped metal changes too, but the red is the same. It tastes like white milk and americano and, um, Splenda? It tastes like coffee smells through a stuffy nose. Pause again. It tastes like yellow light through a gauzy curtain. It tastes like bitter coated all the way around with sweet.  Finally, the warmth is gone, the tap rings hollow, the red is still there. A hint of metal oozes into the last drop.  5 a.m., fluorescent lights a little less bright.  Check, check again, yes, the train is running. Should be. Right hand grabs the bottle, lets it go, grabs the baggage. I decide I liked it. Eyes quite open, steady feet step onto the train. Still white, but indigo outside.
 At the heart of Hyderabad lies a 400-year-old grand structure built to mark the eradication of the plague that tore through the city in 1590. Four Minervans in the class of 2022: Aspen, Anzhelika, (myself) Daniel, and Charlotte (from left to right) embark on a journey to this historical site. I’ll be telling you these people’s experiences from my perspective, in three parts: These titles will become clear as you read. I finally understand why foreigners are called aliens. With all eyes on you, you’re going to feel like an alien no matter how much you try to blend in. I probably received the least number of stares since I didn’t stand out much, while the others experienced many more.  Aspen explained feeling slightly uncomfortable with the looks – especially since the expressions of the onlookers weren’t the most comforting. Anzhelika seemed pretty chill, while Charlotte saw them in an optimistic way. She likened it to how celebrities get stared at when in public. So, rather than feeling like aliens, we should feel like stars being admired. The people aren’t stalking us, they’re stargazing. ‘Can I take a selfie?’ will probably be the question you get asked the most while visiting the Charminar. You’ll begin to question if you’re more of a spectacle than the building. You may see nothing wrong with saying yes to a few selfies, but beware of the chain reaction that could come from saying yes once. If you say yes to one person, another comes and you decide just one more. A third person arrives and you believe this is the last one for sure, but then you see a line of five more people waiting for a selfie and the thought of running comes to mind. Charlotte was willing to take as many selfies as time permitted. To prevent a chain effect, Aspen and Anzhelika agreed to take pictures with only women, children, and families. This was effective since most requests came from men. I, on the order hand, said no to all selfie requests, even to the ones that asked nicely.  Now you may be wondering, “what’s the point of visiting this place?” or “what were we seeking?” it’s just a building after all. Personally, I only went for the pictures. The others wanted to learn about the city’s history and culture, and they spent a lot of time exploring the area around to do so. For those who still see no point in visiting this place, think about what you want to take away from your stay in this city. Do you want to pass through such a culturally rich place without experiencing the lifestyle? You don’t have to visit the Charminar to do this, but take a moment and think of what you want to gain from your time here. You can only gain something by searching for it. So, go out there, explore, experience, and enjoy your stay.
 We’ve all had this encounter. You’re having effortless chit-chat with a fellow minervan, maybe you’ve encountered each other on the staircase, maybe you’re walking together to a co-curricular. Things seem fine, you exchange weekend plans and emotions regarding an upcoming assignment, you talk about a cafe you want to check out, you let your guard down – when suddenly, they slip. “Oh, a bunch of us have been going there.” They stop and cover their mouth, shocked. A shiver goes down your spine. You’ve heard this name before. They try to say something innocuous – maybe about how cold it is relative to where they’re from – and you let them carry the conversation elsewhere. But the question lingers in your mind.  Then, as you’re sitting in the common room, you peek over to your neighbor’s screen—you know it’s impolite, but the curiosity is hard to resist. You see the words “a bunch of us” on a group chat, with over a hundred people active. Are they all in on it? You quickly look away, hoping the sudden jerk of your head wasn’t noticeable. You see your desk neighbor move her hand slightly, and you are washed with cold sweat. Did she see you? Ten minutes later, you get a text from a private number, saying “a bunch of us are going to the farmer’s market, do you want to come?” They’re on to you. It’s over. That afternoon, you put on your most sensible outfit and head to the lobby. There’s no point in canceling, resistance would only make things worse. You see your desk neighbor from earlier, waving and smiling at you. There’s something in her eyes, a terrible coldness: She knows what’s about to happen. You smile back, and you wait together for others to arrive. You head to the farmer’s market when the leader makes an unexpected turn between the Asian pear and multi-colored cauliflower stands, you never know this passage existed. Suddenly, you are walking down a long flight of stairs: more of the market? You didn’t know these happened underground, but your neighbor seems confident. As you finish your descent, you reach a hall full of figures in dark velvet capes: you assume they are Minervans, but the hoods hide their faces. As they notice you, a hum fills the room. It is a chant that gets louder and louder until the whole room is filled with sound: “Bunch of us! Bunch of us! Bunch of us!” A hooded Minervan offers you a goblet full of liquid, and you put it to your lips. It’s strawberry Four Loko. The chant gets louder as the crowd surrounds you, and your horror is replaced with joy: you’ve never felt so euphoric, and you somehow know this feeling will last forever. Another hooded Minervan takes your phone and adds you to the group chat. How did they know your password? None of it matters now. There’s no place you’d rather be. 
 Everyone was watching as I threw a bucket into the Spree River in Berlin. It must have seemed weird, but I was doing my first LBA like a true scientist!  This semester, the LBA for my natural sciences class, “Analyzing Matters and Molecules,” left me with a memorable experience, requiring me to use the toolkits to test a hypothesis about water quality in Berlin.  Excited to finally conduct scientific research in the real world as a Minerva student, I pressured myself to turn it into something meaningful, not just for academics but also to immerse in Berlin. I spent one afternoon biking around the banks of the Spree River, which I only knew the name of until this assignment, and observing everything on my way, from the size and color of different river segments to human activities along the bank. At the northern branch of the river, I saw a swarm of tourist boats and realized they don’t sail through the southern branch. An idea clicked in my mind. I hypothesized that the boating activities will negatively affect water quality. After randomly choosing areas to sample from, I tied a rope to a bucket and used it to collect water samples, attracting the curiosity of people around me. Some gave me weird looks, but others knew what I was doing and asked, “Is that a water quality check?” Doing science required me to ignore the curious onlookers and focus on my bucket. Still, when I yanked the rope at the end of my last sample, my bucket disconnected and said “goodbye” to me. In the end, the data I collected was not sufficient to prove my hypothesis, unfortunately. I only had 10 data points for each branch, which was less than the 30 data points required to establish statistical significance. Given the limit in the number of data, there was no significant difference in the phosphate and metal concentrations between two branches.  But the LBA was still such a nice chance to contribute my knowledge to the city and find an appreciation for my temporary home. My main takeaway from this assignment was the observation of critical activity in Berlin. Each city has different activities, resulting in different environmental fingerprints. I learned that observing and recognizing those signature activities is a sign of immersion in that city. In the southern branch, I also found a lot of wastewater pipes. This was just a minor observation and didn’t affect the validity of my observational study. But I found it interesting because it was an insight that is not published on the internet. To embrace the city, you need to embrace the ugly things of that city too.  
 Stay in the res hall? Book the first flight available? Avoid all human contact? Everything is uncertain, and there is no right decision. Instead of stressing, why not just let a clip art-filled quiz make all those expensive choices for you instead?   Stay in the res hall? Book the first flight available? Avoid all human contact? Everything is uncertain, and there is no right decision. Instead of stressing, why not just let a clip art-filled quiz make all those expensive choices for you instead?   {{ result.text }} Play again?
  This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here!   I know a goofball With really high standards For Vietnamese food outside of Vietnam,  For captivating documentaries and endless recipe videos Equipped with Doraemon musicals And adorable pig stickers “Talking is overrated” he sings Ping Ping Ping, his sticker messages ring His chest rumbles, his giggles “tickle my back” Watching a well-dressed lady  Cursing her fake friends with profanities beyond compare It a precious form of art, he declares I cook for him, he cooks for me We hop from one restaurant to another anyways Searching for what? We both do not know With nothing but faith that some food  will be worth the journey There are few movies without plot holes for him Fewer movies with cinematography or good actors One TV series after another goes by None that makes him content, his standards so high “It’s all for the best”  You learn to embrace it nonetheless I admire this, him and his high standard-ness Otherwise, isn’t life just a chaotic mess? He works hard with school and work And lives comfortably for all its worth Houseplants grow in his windowsill His lifestyle is nothing but chill All in all, he is a sweetheart Tangy but delicious like a soft lemon tart Patience, thoughtful and empathetic, In no other arms, I’d rather fall. 
 Below is the complete set of answers Dr. I-Ching Grace Hung and Fabrizia Sacerdoti, the leaders of Minerva’s Counseling And Psychological Services (CAPS) team, sent in response to a series of questions from Quest. Find the full article about CAPS at Minerva here.  Note [from Dr. Hung:] we did not answer per city; instead, we are offering general trends from when our team first began operating in 2015, until now. The reason is twofold: first is to offer some level of privacy for students who are currently pursuing services, given that we are a small community (e.g., related to your questions for each city, on how many students have visited our team so far this semester). The second reason is a hope to offer good data — as it is premature to note any trends before the semester or academic year ends.  Without further ado, here we go:  Historically, between 45-55% of students in Foundation Year (SF) have engaged with CAPS services (confidential consultations, counseling) at least once by the end of the academic year. 50% as the average has been the magic number. For upper year students, that number is between 42% to 60% of each cohort at the end of each academic year. So far, Direction Year students have been on the lowest end of the usage spectrum, with Focus Year students, and finally, Synthesis Year students, on an increasingly higher end.  About half of the students who use our services in Foundation Year see us for only 1 time. Overall, the average number of sessions a student attends is between 3-4, with the most common (median) number of sessions being 2-3. The trend for upper year students is comparable. CAPS does not set a session limit to our services, and we don’t intend to, despite seeing an annual utilization rate that far exceeds the averages for a school our size. We have consistently shared with students that we provide short-term therapy, which is our treatment model, which is also common for US college centers. The main factor that determines the number of sessions is typically the student’s presenting concern(s). Counselors collaborate with students to decide on goals, treatment plans, and timeline.  Of course, this also occurs within real life constraints: the nature of the global rotation and related implications (e.g., short-term contract hire for cities outside of San Francisco), for example, limits the treatment time to when students are residing in a city. Providing telehealth as a consistent option or having a counselor who travels with students to all cities is currently impossible (in fact, in most cases, illegal!) due to the complicated legalities of licensure laws for different mental health providers, which vary from country to country and state to state (within the US, for example). Other de facto constraints include budget and counselor availability (they do have lives outside of Minerva, after all!).  Despite these real world constraints, we have made efforts each year to provide a smoother transition for students transferring from counselor to counselor. Examples include using a new electronic healthcare system (EHR) for centralized documentation, having meetings to transfer cases between semesters, doing warm handoffs from city to city, creating new management/reporting lines to better support each city counselor and improve consistency and cross-city communication, etc. This is an ongoing work in progress, as we are dedicated to evolving and improving as a team, in order to better serve Minerva students. We are also proud that our efforts to prioritize student access has consistently been a huge strength of CAPS. We have never needed a waitlist, nor have we turned students away because of high demand. We typically offer appointments within 3 (or max, 5) business days, although students may not be able to schedule until later, due to conflicts with their schedules. This is in contrast to national US trends (pg. 46), where many (37%) college counseling centers closest to our size have waitlists ranging from 1 week to more than 35 weeks. When we could not offer the same turnaround, our counselors usually increased their availabilities for Minerva. (See question 8 for specifics related to Berlin this year) A point of clarification is that although we do not turn students away because of high demand, we may refer them to other providers if a counselor, using their professional/clinical judgment, decides that the student can be better served by another professional. This is best practice in the world of mental health; all settings and counselors have their own areas of competency and specialties, and must refer if it is clear that another professional can provide better care.  Examples of this may include psychiatric care, certain specialized disorders or preferences, need for long term care, etc. These circumstances are uncommon, but does and can happen. In the event that we may not be the best match for a student, our priority is to assist the student to engage with a provider that is a better match for their needs. Within Minerva, our clinical trends have not changed much over the years. We have an unusually large number of students accessing CAPS services, compared to US national trends. We credit this, in a large part, to students’ openness in trying different ways of learning and accessing resources, as well as Minerva-wide efforts to reduce stigma toward using our services. For US colleges that are most comparable to Minerva in size (pg. 26), the average number of students served by counseling services is 21.6%. In contrast, we serve approximately 50% of our student body each year, and by the end of the 4 years, only a small number of students have never accessed CAPS. This is particularly notable given that the majority of our students are “international” by US categorization. For other US college counseling centers, the number of international students accessing CAPS is typically even lower. Related to change and improvements within CAPS, see question 5 and 12 for some examples.  As mentioned earlier and on The Hub, all of our counselors outside of San Francisco are part-time, usually by semester. We also hired a part-time counselor in San Francisco this year, in addition to our existing full time staff. For Berlin, all factors remain the same in terms of determining session limits (e.g., clinical need/presenting concern as primary factor in determining treatment plan and number of sessions), with one addition: the use of insurance (GeoBlue). ASM contacted Dean Lyda recently and inquired about Berlin CAPS specifically. What was shared may be helpful here as well:  “Students are eligible for up to 30 sessions under Geo Blue. Students use their Geo Blue to access counseling through Linden, and as a result they should have no out of pocket costs in doing so because Linden is an “in-network” provider and can directly bill Geo Blue; no need to pay up front and be reimbursed and also no need for a co-payment. Geo Blue does require authorization for additional sessions (up to 30), after 5 sessions. This process is handled by the Linden counselor (“counselor of record”) who must use their clinical judgment and submit paperwork to request approval for additional sessions to be covered. It does not mean a student needs to have a severe condition to be approved, but processing can take some time. Use of the term diagnosis is misleading in this situation because every interaction one has with a mental health or medical professional has a “diagnostic code” based on either the ICD-10 or DSM 5. This is standard practice for U.S. based insurance regarding mental/behavioral health, and is what you would likely face if you use private (or in the U.S., employer provided) insurance for counseling or psychotherapy.“ With this new system, there were growing pains that were unexpected, and we are thankful for students in Berlin this year for testing it out with us, as well as for Linden counselors and admins, for creatively troubleshooting with us. We are glad to clear up any confusions and miscommunications the changes have caused.  To Kroner, your question regarding why M21’s have external counselors (I assume you are referring to Linden): We have partnered with Linden since Fall 2018, that is not new this year. What is new this year is the way we are partnering with Linden. Our hope for the new model was for students to have even more options for counseling: Linden is able to provide two counselors dedicated to Minerva students, and potentially more, if there were more demand. In fact, they recently added a third counselor to the list. Moreover, students have the option of continuing to use Linden remotely after leaving Berlin, until their insurance ends. This would be decided by the counselor and the student, and within the 30 sessions of GeoBlue, all at no additional cost to students. From past clinical data, we know that 30 sessions is significantly more than what students typically attend with CAPS, and having the option of continuing therapy past a semester seemed to be a big pro, which has not been available to students in the past. We know from past feedback, that this was something that students have expressed the desire for.  An additional (although not main) benefit to this system is for students to develop more skills and experience in navigating mental health systems outside of the relatively more contained college counseling environment. After the graduation of our first alumnis, we realized that CAPS can do a better job of preparing students for the realities of navigating these systems, including using insurance, searching for a counselor match, etc. I will speak more about this in question 12. Ideally, of course, we’d like to do this in a scaffolded way that is not overwhelming and still relatively smooth. We are certainly learning from this process and plan to improve upon it.  With experience from earlier in the semester, Linden and CAPS have been able to iron out many of the factors that led to counseling services being disrupted or delayed by insurance processes. We are also committed to delivering no-cost-counseling to students who opted out of GeoBlue this semester. We will be gathering student feedback, and at the end of the academic year, we will be re-evaluating this model to determine whether it’s fruitful to continue with this model. We will have 1 counselor in Taipei this coming spring. Her name is TienAn Lin! We hope to have her bio up on the Taipei Hub page early December. Given that this is our first year in Taipei, we can only anticipate what the clinical demand may be, given trends for M20’s in the current semester (Fall 2019), as well as trends in M19’s last semester. Also, we’re aware that Capstone will be due mid-semester, and that some students may be leaving Taipei earlier than the end of April, both of which would likely affect the use of services. Our counselor’s availabilities in Taipei was contracted according to these factors, and more hours may be added if needed. We are also looking into referral options in Taipei, in order to provide students with additional choices. To Kroner’s question about why M20’s have only 1 counselor — we have had only 1 counselor in London each year so far, due to M19’s and M20’s having less students than other cohorts (e.g., this year, ~100 M20’s, versus ~150-165 students in other cohorts). We determine the number of counselors and hours contracted based on anticipated demand. For next year, we will likely need to hire an additional counselor to meet the demands. Recently, Sonia also increased her hours due to higher demand in London. We are grateful for our counselors, who love working with Minerva students, and manage to find some flexibility in meeting our needs. To better understand Minerva CAPS, the data, and our model, it’s helpful to turn to some context. Here’s an article that talks about the “mental health crisis” on US college campuses, from the interesting angle of college presidents. If you are academically inclined, here’s a good summary article, and if you are data inclined, here’s the most up to date national data on colleges.  As we know from past Wellness Surveys, our data tends to be comparable with these national trends, although we have the unusual opportunity to address these concerning trends in fresh ways. In addition to offering counseling, a big part of CAPS is also collaborating with other Minerva staff and faculty. Our approach and philosophy is introduced in our page on The Hub, and most recently, in an updated article by Dr. Gary Glass. While counseling supports students one on one, this additional community-level approach seeks to reduce/prevent distress, and build support networks that students can use in their daily lives, not just in the counseling room. Some of this effort can be seen through Oxygen programming, although much is behind the scenes, through collaborating and offering our perspective on student wellness and creating optimal learning environments in policies and overall Student Life programming. Regarding counseling services specifically: As I mentioned earlier in a previous question, CAPS continually seeks to improve, and one thing we hope to work on next is to better prepare students on navigating counseling services outside of college. With great diversity in licensure laws in each country, state, and differences in each provider’s professional training (are you a psychologist, social worker, counselor, life coach, or psychiatrist?) and counseling approaches (CBT, DBT, ACT, psychodynamic, Rogerian, _insert other industry lingos_), we’d like to begin by increasing efforts to help students mold their own counseling experience, such as by selecting a counselor that matches their needs. We plan to start implementing this by better highlighting the different strengths, styles, and trainings of our own counselors across cities and cultures, while also building additional connections with other providers to bolster options for counseling, and offering support to students seeking services outside of Minerva (e.g., in summer months). While we aim to maintain a level of fundamental consistency across all cities for our services (e.g., confidentiality, no additional costs, short-term therapy model, friendly counselor faces, etc.), we are realizing that students can also benefit from learning to navigate the differences / complexities of the counseling world. This is aligned with Minerva’s principle of “teaching to fish,” and we are excited about the prospect of Minerva students becoming savvy users of counseling by the time they graduate, wherever they end up in the world. Of course, we also hope to do this in a scaffolded manner across the four years, and as usual, look forward to hearing student feedback on our efforts.
 Following the release of new coronavirus guidelines, a frightened Minerva administration decided to amend the Cornerstone Curriculum into a new and practical Corona-stone Curriculum. In light of their mission statement regarding success in an era of global uncertainty, Minerva has taken the liberty of creating eight fake words to enhance students’ practical capabilities –– outside of spending 13 consecutive hours in front of a computer screen, Hunchback of Notre Dame style.   All students will be required to integrate these new HCs into existing coursework. Minerva has affirmed this will include seniors, as these curriculum updates could improve pandemic-induced dips in Capstone grades and quell the loss of graduation, like hand sanitizer on an open wound. Here is the official update from the Administration to students: #globalcrisis: Remember that time we said that your undergraduate education needs to be as multidimensional as you are? Put your academic skills to the test by figuring out how the f*ck we got ourselves into this one. Recommended applications by major: #pandemic:  As a part of our global experience, we know that a real understanding of the world and its people only comes from exposure to the realities of life in different cities with diverse cultures. It also comes from exposure to severely infectious respiratory diseases. After all, you’re all going to get Coronavirus, and that’s ok. Therefore, make sure you apply this HC at some point after you’ve exhausted your extra four extensions per class (and maybe your last breaths, too). Yes, we know you are living through a global pandemic. Where’s that “can do” spirit we know we’ve taught you? *A quick reminder that we are still holding classes during finals week, in spite of the additional break. #off-rotation:  We know we strongly advised you to fly home and we’re proud of our diverse student body! A single Minerva student, because of their global exposure, can provide herd immunity to their entire home town. You may lose a few friends but, if you believe in natural selection, you’re doing your part. #beforeitwascool: Use this HC to brag in front of your friends who might have actual college degrees, but are not as cool as you are. Remind them that you’ve been studying online for years and that lectures are so 2015. For a novel application, The Marketing Team recommends convincing them to sell The Forum to their home institutions. #totaleconomiccollapse Experts are stating that this pandemic might have some of the worst economic implications in modern human history. Econ students, this is your time to shine –– graduate school is STILL an option after this ends. Art & Humanities students, no one will blame you for getting a graduate degree either! The real world is scary and a ton of debt is a lot better than getting sneezed on for the 10th time at Starbucks! You are just as novel as this Coronavirus.  * A note to all students: We will not be accepting financial aid appeals that cite the pandemic as a reason for adjustment of family contribution. Your application of this HC will eventually get you hired in a jobless market. After all, our curriculum is designed to prepare you for jobs that don’t exist yet… Or right now. #washyourhands 20 seconds is the amount of time it takes for you to apply this correctly. We know you spend less time than that on most of your HC applications, but try not to slap this one on so haphazardly. Bonus points for typing with your thumbs –– it’s okay, everyone forgets them sometimes. #socialdistancing Each cohort was intentionally designed to be small and inclusive, but f*ck that shit for right now. Because we decided it best for our students to live on top of each other in each location before COVID-19, we needed you to take it upon yourselves to book a $1,500+ flight home and potentially get stuck in a non-Minerva city while in transit. Borders have closed, but this university hasn’t (and don’t worry, most airports have wifi!).  Make sure to apply #socialdistancing by staying in your room, eating way more than your work-study budget allows, and finishing all of the make-up work we know you’ve been avoiding. This isn’t any different from your normal behavior, but we’ll grade you on it now. #someonegetmeoutofhere Your refundable deposit wasn’t enough to escape the grips of pandemic? Don’t worry! Combine this HC with what we’ve taught about you solving the right problem. You’re graduating into a global recession and people are dying, but you know how to use 150+ semi-relevant hashtags, including these additional eight! That should help you secure a place to live if you happen to be in a rotation city. Good luck! We’ll be in touch soon about class slots. Each student must sign up to learn this curriculum –– available only during Weeks 14 and 15, 9:00-11:30AM PST. Remember that we’re still better than Zoom, Minerva Administration
 Write Night is a writing group for Minerva students interested in the power and nuance of effective writing. It was first envisioned by student Kayla Cohen in the first semester of the first year in the history of Minerva Schools. She continues to organise it in Berlin – the second city in Minerva’s global travel rotation. Every Friday night students meet for Write Night in the quasi-anarchist building NewYorck59. They learn a new skill, write silently, and then share. After each session, they record their night’s writing and produce a podcast. The first session was lead by poet Samantha Coggin on brevity and poetry. The podcast comprises a few of the first drafts of poems they wrote. Podcast Music composed by Behnam Arzaghi.
 On Monday, April 13, Minerva students organized a Day of Action to highlight widespread concerns about financial aid, especially the lack of transparent communication throughout the process. Students participated by emailing their professors about the issue and either skipping class, covering their cameras, or showing a dollar sign or similar protest message on screen. “We are bringing attention to the urgent needs of students regarding financial aid,” student organizers wrote in an email to Minerva administrators. “Despite past appeals to administration individually and through ASM, the responses to financial aid issues have been insufficient and left students with unworkable circumstances. From conversations within the community, we know that there are widespread issues and that action is needed.” Later on Monday, the Minerva Senior Team responded to the students’ request for a town hall, saying they will host a virtual meeting this Friday, April 17 at 7 am PDT to address financial aid concerns. They further promised to send a written response to the list of demands at least 24 hours before the town hall begins. Ben Nelson told the Quest that he encourages students to participate “with an open mind and assume best intentions.” Student organizers listed six demands, five of which dealt with making the financial aid process more transparent. These included clearly communicating and identifying changes to the student handbook, providing information about the cost to attend and term bills in the release of financial aid packages, announcing and explaining changes to payments, and sharing guidelines for financial aid investigations with students.  Students also demanded Minerva hire at least one more staff member to support students through the financial aid office, writing in the email to administrators that “having one person for ~600 students is insufficient.” The full list of demands can be viewed here with a minerva.kgi.edu email.  241 students signed the email delivering the demands of the protest to the Minerva administration, and at least a dozen more signed on after it was sent. It is more difficult to track how many students participated in some form during class, with some individuals observing one person visibly protesting while in other classes almost all students blocked their cameras.  Nebraska Grayson (M’21), a student organizer for the Day of Action, told the Quest she was amazed that what started as a small group sharing ideas eventually involved over 40 percent of the current student body. “With so many people concerned, it’s not something that’s a side issue or only affects a small number of students,” Grayson said. “People are saying the current situation isn’t working, that’s why they signed on.” Nelson told the Quest that he and Vicki Chandler, Minerva’s Chief Academic Officer & Dean of Faculty, “are both sure that a number of students feel that they are not being heard and it’s important that everyone feels [like they are] a full part of this community.” He further responded to the demands by saying that some would be “rather straightforward” to address while three “are clearly an issue of miscommunication as they are already policies that are in place,” though he did not specify the policies. Since the email to administrators was sent, the financial aid office shared an update about a miscalculation of financial aid for the Class of 2021; informed students about how they can access term bill invoices from past years; and announced the creation of a Climb Credit Loan Document Library on the Hub [requires a minerva.kgi.edu email]. These communications were not explicitly in response to the Day of Action. Some students had expressed fear that participating in the Day of Action might result in punishment. When asked about these concerns, Nelson told the Quest that students who protested in a non-disruptive way were “fully within their rights” and would not be disciplined. Anna Mukhlaeva (M’21), one of the organizers of the Day of Action, told the Quest that the original idea to protest came in the midst of several heated discussions in a private Minerva student Facebook group. Specific points of frustration included unclear communication about the Class of 2021’s financial aid awards and an individual student’s complaints about an investigation into their financial need. For Mukhlaeva and other participants, these recent issues re-ignited long-held anger at the financial aid system. Nelson told the Quest that trust and communication between administrators and students can be improved, especially by building a common understanding of the constraints Minerva is operating under. He also cautioned that “We (both staff and students) should be careful in our reactions, especially when they are issued as demands as opposed to points of inquiry, to ensure that our fact basis is sound.”  Though the Day of Action is now over, Grayson emphasized that the conversation about financial aid and transparency is not. She encouraged people to continue expressing concern for the issue by changing their Forum profile picture to include something about financial aid and transparency and adding to the list of town hall questions [requires a minerva.kgi.edu email]. The Quest is currently working on a series of reports about financial aid and other money-related issues at Minerva, including articles that will investigate some of the concerns raised by this Day of Action. You can support our work by filling out this survey about financial aid.
 This article is part II in a short series on Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) at Minerva: its evolution and student experiences in each class. You can read part I here.  Of the 126 students in the class of M’20, around 98 of them lived in London during the Fall 2019 semester, and 88 were present in Taipei at the beginning of the Spring 2019 semester. Of those not on rotation, around 23 are in San Francisco, and some are either at home or with other cohorts.  While in San Francisco for their first year, Dr. James Lyda acted as the only full-time counselor for the roughly 70-80 students who sought counseling services at least once.  [Dr. Lyda] helped to make them feel better about their previous fears and stereotypes regarding counseling In interviewing three M’20 students in their final years, I asked them to reflect on their experiences with CAPS throughout their time at Minerva. Each of those interviewed that met with Lyda stated to have had a generally positive experience. One anonymous student said he “made me feel really comfortable” and that he helped to make them feel better about their previous fears and stereotypes regarding counseling. In the intervening two years, students have had two part-time counselors present in each city.  This academic year, students in both London and Taipei have had a single part-time counselor. The CAPS team told the Quest  that there was only one counselor in each city “due to M19’s and M20’s having less students than other cohorts.” They added that, “more hours [in the counselor’s contracts] may be added if needed,” as was the case for Dr. Sonia Avasthi in London, who was able to add more hours.  “For next year, we will likely need to hire an additional counselor to meet [demand],” CAPS further stated “[and w]e are grateful for our counselors, who love working with Minerva students, and manage to find some flexibility in meeting our needs.” [W]hen she experienced a particularly distressing time and couldn’t get counseling services right away, she “called a number provided by Minerva” and was quickly connected with an external service. Generally, students report a “smooth” and quick process for scheduling initial meetings with counselors. One anonymous student we interviewed used CAPS once in both Berlin and Buenos Aires, they remembered it as an “easy experience,” with the waiting time between initial contact and first meeting being around a week. Though, when they experienced a particularly distressing time and couldn’t get counseling services right away, they “called a number provided by Minerva” and were quickly connected with an external service. They went on to say this external service was best for when they were in immediate need. Regarding the availability of counselors, Anotonia Boorman and another anonymous M’20 student cited high usage of services as decreasing the availability of counselors. “[One counselor in Berlin] suggested 15 minute sessions because there was too high a number of people using the services,” remembered the anonymous student, at which point they “stopped seeing [them].” Boorman claims that, when she initially expected to be able to visit the counselor once a week in London, she was surprised the default was every two, and “sometimes it was even once a month.” She went on to say that “[i]t seemed like you could only use [CAPS] if you were desperate.” Physical accessibility of counselors has changed in each city. Boorman pointed out the difference in accessibility between the counselors in Buenos Aires and Berlin, stating that the counselors in Berlin were “super accessible” as they operated out of an apartment in the same complex as Minerva students lived. Boorman remembered that counselors in Buenos Aires, by contrast, were “an hour away” by walking and 30 minutes by bus – 4.4 Kilometers from the residence. Finding a good counselor “[is] like dating […] Sometimes you just don’t click.” Boorman found her experiences with each counselor to be dramatically different. Finding a good counselor “[is] like dating,” she said. “Sometimes you just don’t click.” On the CAPS Hub page, they acknowledge not all counselors will be good for all people. CAPS says this is why they promote finding external services if need be.  Boorman, though, says she is still confused about external services, further saying “if someone’s in a dire state, they aren’t going to [go out looking for someone].” Finally, Boorman discussed the difficulty of having only one or two counselors for an entire cohort. When she didn’t click with one counselor in Buenos Aires, she refrained from visiting the other as her “ex-boyfriend was seeing [that counselor] too” and this made her uncomfortable. All in all, the students interviewed appeared to have an appreciative tone towards CAPS, with the main downfalls being high usage preventing very frequent services and small number of counselors meaning chances of “clicking” may be reduced. To further Boorman’s point that counseling “[is] like dating:” sometimes, it’s a hit or miss, but you just keep trying. 
 Of the approximately 180 people in the class of 2021, most were on rotation in Berlin during Fall 2019. This semester in Berlin was the first where Minerva did not directly hire CAPS staff. Instead, they arranged to have Minerva students see two counselors from Linden Global Learning Support Services. Students saw them in the Linden office, located in Berlin’s central Mitte neighborhood, about a 20-minute bike ride from the residence hall. Minerva contracted two Linden counselors the year before, but in 2019 sessions were paid for by GeoBlue rather than Minerva itself. Students typically only need to email the CAPS team to schedule an initial appointment, but now also had to wait for GeoBlue to file the necessary paperwork for them to have a session.  Though GeoBlue covered up to 30 sessions, students could only attend five by default. To get further sessions, their counselor must request approval for continued treatment based on a diagnosis of an acute or chronic mental health condition. “It does not mean a student needs to have a severe condition to be approved, but processing can take some time,” Dr. I-Ching Grace Hung, one of the leaders of the CAPS team, said. “Use of the term ‘diagnosis’ is misleading in this situation because every interaction one has with a mental health or medical professional has a ‘diagnostic code’ based on either the ICD-10 or DSM 5 [psychological reference books].”  “It took about three weeks before I got GeoBlue approval and could return to sessions. Those three weeks were really hard.” Hung told the Quest she hopes the experience of getting counseling through GeoBlue will help students learn how to navigate mental health services outside of Minerva, an issue that came to the team’s attention after the class of 2019 graduated.  She acknowledged the “growing pains that were unexpected” with rolling out the new system this semester. The initial five-session limit was not clearly communicated to all students, causing confusion and disrupting students’ appointment schedules if the application process for more sessions took too long.  Bella Buchanan (M’21) was one student who didn’t learn about the five-session limit until her fifth session; she also told the Quest her counselor was similarly unaware of the limit until that time.  “I wanted to continue because I really needed the support so I asked [my counselor] Katherine  to diagnose me,” Buchanan said. “It took about three weeks before I got GeoBlue approval and could return to sessions. Those three weeks were really hard.” “Linden and CAPS have been able to iron out many of the factors that led to counseling services being disrupted or delayed by insurance processes.”  Students in Berlin coped with the same counselor availability limits students in other Minerva cities face. Margarita Levitova (M’21) had four weekly sessions before switching to a bi-weekly schedule due to high demand.  “Having the meetings bi-weekly now is of course so much better than not having any at all!” Levitova told the Quest. “But it’s much harder to keep myself accountable, and so much happens emotionally in two weeks that an hour is never enough to work through all that crap.” Overall, Hung told the Quest that the CAPS team will continue to evaluate the value of providing mental health care through GeoBlue. If future classes do use the same model, Hung said that “Linden and CAPS have been able to iron out many of the factors that led to counseling services being disrupted or delayed by insurance processes.” 
 Oh, Dallas.  I still don’t fully know if what I feel for him is love or hate, disdain or appreciation. We grew up together; he was part of my life for years, seeing angsty bangs and crying over Panic! at the Disco. Dallas was a constant, even if we didn’t really get along. He ran red, I ran blue. I felt trapped in a box of distorted identities, a fear of the unknown with a distaste for the familiar.  My parents were never particularly fond of him either, more prone to missing their friend Portland. To me, having only met him a few short weeks in my life, Portland was the epitome of liberation and openness. Dallas, by contrast, was conservative and opinionated. Telling me that girls should try to look good, while also reminding me that “short shorts” were advertising my body in a way I should avoid. Try as I might, these lessons stuck with me regardless of the very different ones I was learning at home from my parents, reminding me of toxic relationships with myself and other women, of not being comfortable around boys for fear they would like me and fear they wouldn’t. But Dallas isn’t the devil, isn’t really anything except what his history made him. At the end of the day, I had a happy life with him. I still harbor nostalgia for our childhood together, of barbeques with the neighbors, riding bikes with my family, and the Turkey Trot. I understand him like I haven’t been able to understand anyone else. While we may not be pieces of the same puzzle, I wouldn’t be who I am today without him. Eventually, it came time for me to have new experiences, and so I left Dallas behind, setting out to discover the people who made up my last three years. San Francisco was familiar. While we had never met before, I never felt that she was a stranger. She was loud, proud, and a little bit gay. Damaged, but incredibly strong nonetheless, she refused to let anyone push her around. A bleeding heart, she was constantly protesting SOMETHING, and attempting to change the world in little ways everyday. Befriending San Francisco was easy, she reminded me of Dallas to the extent that I sometimes forgot I was meeting someone new. She held the same bold temperament and unapologetic pride in who she was. With San Francisco, I went dancing for the first time, stayed out watching the stars, and discovered a part of myself I didn’t know existed. She pushed me to stop being the shy, introverted girl who never took risks. She was a mentor, a guide to a new, more independent version of myself. She was a wonderful friend, who I have many fond memories with, but it didn’t hurt when I said goodbye. And then came Seoul, with whom I fell in love. He was gorgeous, exciting, and adventurous. Not to mention how safe I felt every second I was with him. Seoul saw me through some of the toughest times of my life but was never the cause of them. With Seoul, I felt powerful, and I discovered that maybe I’m not as afraid of being strong as I thought I was. Seoul never saved me from struggle, helping me realize I didn’t need to be saved. Instead, he stayed with me while I conquered my own demons. Seoul, of course, isn’t perfect, and I’m not deluded enough in my love for him to pretend he was. High expectations in everything from looks, work, and even partying, there was always a “right” way to do things and a million wrong ones. I’ll admit, this pressure was lost on me most of the time, but the glimpses of it I did see helped me understand why not everyone loved Seoul the way I did. I was sad to leave him, but I knew we would meet again, and he would welcome me back with open arms. Hyderabad was completely different and unique to everyone I knew. He challenged me, made me more frustrated than I’d ever been in my life, but gave me my first real taste of shock. Nearly always ready for bed by 1 a.m, he and I had very different perceptions of what was considered “good nightlife.” Of course, this also meant he was an early riser, running errands and exercising before I had even opened my eyes. Late to everything, I fought with him more than I knew I could fight with someone. But, the longer I knew him, the more I appreciated Hyderabad and our differences. He was a spectacular cook-  I don’t think anyone will be able to beat him. He was friendly and kind, with a willingness to help others and excitement to get to know new people. His door was open for nearly anyone, and “family” wasn’t confined to blood relations. For all the chaos, there were elements of quiet, natural beauty that took my breath away. He was spectacular and confusing, and I don’t think I’ll ever meet anyone like him. I left regretting all the things I never tried and feeling like I didn’t do enough to fully get to know him. Berlin was simultaneously unique and similar to those I had met before. A goth girl whose parents had split, leaving scars that were easily uncovered. I never really understood her, but I respected the conflicting signs of order and chaos that seemed to rule her personality.  I thought Seoul knew how to party, but Berlin had him beat ten-fold. Few nights ended before 8 am, and for the first time since the beginning of my journey, I got tired of late-night dances, but that may have had more to do with Berlin’s obsession with techno music than anything else. Berlin cooked me the best burgers I’ve had outside my family’s backyard and made me appreciate grunge aesthetics more than I thought I could. Bright-eyed and pastel after coming from a summer with Seoul, I think Berlin and I had completely opposite wardrobes. In fact, she once told me that a black shirt with white stripes might be “too bright.” Who knew? Berlin also pushed me to be vulnerable. With her I realized maybe I’m not quite as put together as I thought; I started putting pieces together I hadn’t even realized were out of place. Self-growth was a big part of our friendship, and I learned a lot about myself that I had ignored for most of my life, regardless of how insightful I thought I was. I cried when I boarded my plane, for the first time since meeting any of these characters who’ve defined my life. When I met Buenos Aires, within the first few weeks I was crushing hard. His bright personality and constant warmth made it hard not to. He’s beautiful and friendly and altogether just a joy to be around. After Berlin’s chilly demeanor, it was a welcome change. Buenos Aires meant freedom from responsibilities, which was great until I ignored all my work to spend more time with him. He’s a bit unpredictable and very political, but good-natured and confident, and proud of his history. And he’s so much fun! Dance performances and music run through his DNA and inspired me to perform for the first time since high school. I’ll admit though, sometimes his chaos gets to me a little, with confusing communication and constant loud noises. However, these little nuisances don’t make me like him any less.  In an alternate universe, this was going to end with my disbelief “goodbye” was just 5 short weeks away.  Of course, Buenos Aires and I parted far sooner than we were expecting. Our goodbye was rushed and painful, and all of a sudden I went from excited to enjoy our time together to looking the rest of my life in the face. My meetings from here on out are unknown, and I am faced to look ahead at an unclear future. I mourn what could have been with Buenos Aires, but I enjoyed our time together, however brief.
 This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here! I have perfected the art of silent crying A craft, I have learned on global rotation. So here is a user’s manual: If you can, Do it elsewhere,  But beware of mosquitoes.  If you can’t, Your roommates won’t notice, As long as you keep the lights low, And the breathing normal. If you have to, Cough. Physical illness doesn’t raise many eyebrows.  Wait, what about public spaces? City as your campus. Here is a list of places I have cried at: The mall, Diamond’s Office Hours, IKEA, My triple room, Seoul Tower, The Hyderabad Metro, The Forest, The Market across 1412, The mountains, Skyping with my parents, Yoga. If you can, I recommend the open air.  And recycling.  And silly Youtube videos, And choosing Autos over cars, And art therapy, And doing your pre-work before class, And falling in love. But never too hard  unless you have the kind of friends  that make you never want to cry alone.
 This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here!
 This piece for The Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features DD Klionsky, an M’19 from the United States, who is currently in Chicago, Illinois. Hear about her experience with Minerva as a student and her life as a graduate! Eisha: Where are you now and what have you been doing since graduating? DD Klionsky: Right after graduation, I worked on a political campaign in the summer and as an environmental educator in the fall. Now I am working full time for Sunrise Movement which is a youth-led climate action organisation. They started in 2017, and they have been a really public face of climate organising for the last year and a half. There’s a lot of momentum right now around Sunrise Movement’s organising. They’re a national organisation, and I’m working for their Chicago hub. E: What is your function at Sunrise? DK: I am a fellow. I am working on figuring out how to recruit and retain more people. E: How did you get interested in this work? DK: You can’t be in this generation and not care. You can’t be in this generation and not care. E: What are your longer-term career goals? DK: It is hard to think past the next few months and few years, not just because I do not like planning things, but because they are really critical in finding out what our planet or my home will look like. It feels challenging to look beyond that. The next couple of years will all depend on how much we all need to be working to organise around climate action. E: What was one of the greatest learnings (highlights/challenges) you had in the past year and how did it shape you? DK: This summer I was working on a presidential campaign [Elizabeth Warren campaign] and all of that work feels binary (even though it actually isn’t) because you know very quickly whether you win or not. Immediately afterwards I lived in the woods and taught fifth and sixth graders about the environment. That work feels like you are planting seeds but you don’t know the immediate impact. With what I am doing now, I am trying to understand how to exist within both of those frameworks. E: How do you feel about your time at Minerva? DK: I feel really grateful for the friends that I have and what I learned about how to exist in an institution that doesn’t cooperate and doesn’t know how to do what it’s trying to do and doesn’t care about its students. It was really hard and I learned a ton about how in some ways, intentionally or not, higher structures are against the interests of those that they intend to serve. I don’t think I did a good job of navigating that and I wish that I had known a lot more about how to mobilise myself. I hope it feels different for you for the next couple of years. E: What makes you say Minerva is not cooperative? DK: Everything for four years. The way they’ve interacted with issues around work-study, visas, and the non-response to four years of sustained effort from our side to figure out feedback systems. A lot of people feel this to some degree and I know a lot of people don’t. E: What is a favorite memory from your time at Minerva? DK: In my Seoul semester (my third year) I was done with classes by 9:30 am and a good friend didn’t have class until 7 pm and we would go on adventures every Monday. It was such a motivator for me in getting my work done early and it helped me learn other things. When I think about that semester, I think of that golden feeling. I had a ton of fun during my last semester because I loved Capstone. My capstone was a political philosophy paper on balancing “principled” & “strategic” approaches to building just institutions. I didn’t necessarily love that other people did not feel supported around it. I, in particular, had a good experience. I loved what I was learning about and my friends and I would watch Survivor together and we played a lot of games. I hung out with people a lot. Even though we were all working hard we all uniquely knew what it meant to be here in this place in this time and there’s something so incredibly special about that. E: Do you have any book or movie recommendations? DK: Book: Hope in the Dark by Rebecca Solnit I read it last summer but I am still thinking about it. It helped me understand my own feelings around the intersection of hope, privilege and justice. E: How can I use the current resources to gather relevant information at Minerva? DK: Find a way to be in communication with people in older classes. I think people have done a good job of that and this seems to be already happening. E: Do you have any advice for Freshmen? DK: Don’t doubt yourself. If something feels wrong to you, pursue it. Ask other people how they are feeling. Do what you can do to change it and believe that you can change. If something feels right to you, great, go with that. Sometimes we think that this structure doesn’t seem great and Minerva would say “That’s how we do it” or “That’s intentional” and so I think, whether in a Minerva context or generally, be inquisitive. Find out why you’re feeling what you’re feeling and trust what you are feeling. Trust that it is coming from somewhere and then try to find out where.
 This piece for The Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features Colette, an M’19 from California, who is currently in San Francisco. Hear about how her identity was shaped at Minerva and how that identity is changing again as she is moving into the world. Elianna DeSota: What have you been doing since Minerva ended for you? Colette: After I graduated I went on a bike trip and then I went to Spain for the summer to work on Black to Grey [Colette’s sustainable fashion start-up]. We worked from there and went to visit clients in the US and then came back and worked with Black to Grey on a bunch of stuff. In December I decided I was ready for a new challenge so decided to step back from my role at Black to Grey and start working elsewhere to get experience from more experienced professionals and try different roles. I’ve been working at this company called Strive [a leadership development edtech startup] and also some Black to Grey stuff.  ED: How did you choose to step back from Black to Grey? And where is that project right now?  C: I’m still working with them on all Minerva stuff. I love my civic project [Colette runs a civic project with Black to Grey in SF] and I love still working with students. I’m really close with my co-founders and they live in San Francisco still so we do work together and I still help them with a few other clients that we have that I was closer to. But I realized I don’t think fashion is where I can have the biggest impact on climate. That was one component and the other component was I felt like I was learning a lot through doing, which was really awesome and that is particularly cool in school, but in the real world consequences from mistakes are higher. I felt less confident in my ability to trust my business and decision making and so wanted to learn from other people.  That’s why it has been pretty cool at Strive because they are a couple of years ahead of Black to Grey or where I would have wanted to be in one year from now. I feel like I’m learning a lot of things and definitely getting that knowledge and experience so that if I want to start another project at some point, I will be better equipped to do so.  ED: So what are some of those things that you feel you aren’t quite equipped to do coming out of Minerva and where you would like to see that growth? C: Kind of everything. I am definitely not a master at anything but I am particularly interested in how to operationalize things and be a founder of a company or a leader of a team or something where you have to make decisions but don’t see the implementation of them. How do you do that? Do you have weekly one-on-ones with everyone or only managers and managees? What are the more operational things that happen?  We had a really clear business strategy but I didn’t know how to run an organization and I had never worked somewhere normal before. I had worked at research institutes or for the government and never for a company.  I just didn’t know what companies were like and how to build culture. It feels like it doesn’t really matter when you are so small but then the minute you expand a little bit you start giving that culture to other people. I think I didn’t know how to be super intentional about that.  ED: What do you think Minerva did to prepare you? And what do you think it didn’t prepare you for?  C: I think one thing that was particularly evident was work ethic. I think the standards for working hard at Minerva are much higher than any other organization I have seen, and obviously that wasn’t healthy, but that is something I learned from Minerva: Just how to work through all of it no matter what and grit and resilience in the work you’re doing because doing something consistently even if it’s not optimal is better than not doing something consistently. And just generally being a professional. I know how to write incredible emails and schedule and use things that other people don’t. Or networking and going to events and creating a life. A lot of really hard, intangible skills that I think I learned through the process.  I think the standards for working hard at Minerva are much higher than any other organization I have seen. ED: You mentioned you felt that Minerva wasn’t necessarily incredibly healthy, what do you mean by that? Have you established healthy habits as you go forward?  C: I think there is a sentiment in college that whoever is working the hardest is idealized. Like “I got less sleep than you and it’s a competition that I’m more tired,” or “Oh yeah, well, I submitted my assignment one minute before the deadline!”  I think it is really easy to get wrapped up in those self-deprecating circles so people almost push themselves to the limit just to prove that they can. Now that I’m out I see the moments that I was working hard when it was needed versus when it wasn’t and I should have just done my shit earlier and gotten a good night’s sleep.  I think now the way I am dealing with that is just having a normal person’s job. I still meet with my four-person professional development group, which they trialed with my class. We all wanted to be part of mission-driven organizations when we graduated so we meet once a month to talk about it.  Today we met and one person said most people in the world don’t have outside professional projects they are working on outside of work. It was the first time I had ever heard that and it reminded me that I am still in the mindset of constantly doing more and buffering myself a little bit. I feel like I’m rebounding.  ED: What have been the worst parts of graduating? C: I think the worst is not being in an intellectual community and working towards a common ideology. I think one of the most unique things about Minerva was that everyone had a strong belief that they could make education better.  And we took it for granted. I don’t think anyone verbalized that until after graduation and we realized that when you go to an organization some people care about the meaning and some people don’t. Some people think this is the best solution and some people don’t. Whereas at Minerva you could be interested in a million things but the common piece of it was we were all working towards a common goaI. I don’t think you get that on the scale that we had it ever again and with people of such high caliber.  I miss the community; I miss my friends. But most of all I miss being with my friends and having conversations and a common understanding of the world so that if I wanted to talk about the meaning of my work in the world they would know where I am coming from and they could give useful advice and feedback and we could have a conversation about it.  I miss being with my friends and having conversations and a common understanding of the world. I think people have a genuine curiosity for everything. I have people now that I try to have conversations with about things and it’s so hard when it’s like, “Oh, you’ve never lived in Seoul, South Korea and I cannot convey to you what that’s like.” And I can’t talk to other classes because we lived in one building in one part of town that defined our experience that is so different from where students live now.  So it feels like an isolating experience. But I think that that goes away the more your identity is shaped in ways that are not Minerva. I think the longer I’m in the work world and the more friends that I make outside of Minerva and the projects that I do. The more I can talk about stuff that isn’t Minerva related I think the less isolating it will feel, but as of now, my whole identity is on this incubator experience that no one else can relate to or cares to understand.  ED: How have you been working to get out of the isolating experience?  C: Just time. That’s the biggest piece. Part of it is I want time to move more quickly so I can get over it, but it is a special feeling to feel so connected to a community. I have been spending time with more people outside of Minerva, but I’ve just realized that I don’t like it that much yet and I don’t want to force it. I think I will feel ready when I’ve worked somewhere longer, like staying at Strive and making memories and experience here. Or going on trips by myself so that it is a more relatable experience. The friends that I have now are good but it just makes me feel worse. I just miss my Minerva friends every time I see them.  ED: Are there any really positive aspects of getting out of Minerva? C: Oh, one million. I don’t think those positive things are going to be the same things that upcoming graduates will feel .  I feel like I’m not constantly fighting for my needs and being gaslit about what is right and wrong in the world and in university. I am happy I don’t spend 40 hours every week thinking about how to make Minerva better.  I don’t feel a weight on my shoulders to improve this experience for myself and for others. I feel like I can be my authentic self and I’m not tied down to the reputation that I created for myself in the first year.  I think one of the hardest parts in Minerva is that in small communities people solidify an idea of you at the very beginning and it is impossible to break free of that. It is really nice to not feel that pressure.  I don’t have to move that much; I have a sense of home. I don’t have to fight with anyone about classes. I feel healthy. I feel like I have time to do things I want to do.  ED: You mentioned how you felt like you had a fixed identity within Minerva, how has your identity changed or shaped as you leave Minerva?  C: It is a funny thing that at Minerva we all sort of jokingly resist the Minerva identity but we revel in what it gives us. It is a shiny cool thing that we get to talk about.  I think I moved from that into Black to Grey where people would ask ‘How did you do this?” and I think anyone could possibly do it and anyone could build a company if they wanted to, given a certain amount of privilege. I know I am one of the most privileged people in the world but probably anyone from Minerva that has limited financial burden can do it. Leaving Black to Gray and transitioning into other things, while I still have that and Minerva attached to me, this is the first time I haven’t done something that feels like my identity. That people are like “Oh you’re that girl.”  Where it used to be “Oh, you’re the Minerva girl,” or “you’re the Black to Grey girl,” now I’m just Colette. Which is cool, but it is identity shaking and world shifting.  It’s scary and it takes time to get used to but I think inevitably is a good thing probably.  The first thing I say is no longer “Oh, I’m Colette, I go to this school called Minerva.” It’s still a common question to ask “Where did you go to school?” but maybe 20% of people ask where I went to school and of that 20%, maybe 20% ask one further question of “what’s Minerva?” ED: Coming to the end here, is there anything specific you want to get out there?  C: The world is a lot more.  Sometimes it is worth it to move to a city to be with your good friends. The people that you love and care about at Minerva are unlike most other people you will meet in your life and there is nothing you can do in the moment to recognize that or to fully appreciate it. It’s the same thing that moms always say: “You’ll understand this when you’re a mother” and you’re like, “I don’t want kids,” or “I don’t want your say in this.” I wish that I had better documented my experience and been more consistent with that documentation and been more creative about how to stay in touch with people immediately after graduation. Communication and archives of things would be cool and I wish I had done more of that. 
 This piece for The Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features Muhammad Usman Ali, an M’19 from Pakistan, who is currently in Denver, Colorado. Hear about his work at Salesforce, Minerva reflections and advice, and the value of learning from every experience. (Transcript lightly edited for clarity.) Erin Paglione: Where are you now and what have you been doing since graduation? Muhammad Usman Ali: Just three days after my graduation in May, I was in Japan doing a month-long consulting project. That was fantastic because I got to experience Japanese culture and I really wanted to experience Japanese sports culture specifically. I knew that if I started working in the West as a professional, I can’t just quit my job and go for an internship. That was the last shot I had to not commit for a long time but still do a short stint in Japan and get the best out of it. After my internship in Japan, I visited my parents in Pakistan. They couldn’t make it to the graduation ceremony so I really wanted to show them the graduation letter. After that, I moved to Indianapolis for work. I work at Salesforce as a success manager. I was an associate success manager until yesterday [February 12, 2020] when I got a promotion. This program is a very prestigious program at Salesforce. They bring you to Indianapolis for six months of training. Indianapolis is the second biggest hub for Salesforce after San Francisco. We finished that training and in January I relocated to Salesforce Denver.  January was busy because the financial year was closing and the new financial year started in February. I have yet to formally sign a portfolio but I’ll be working with 10 to 20 big customers of Salesforce who are in the mid-sized segment, companies between 600 employees to 1,000 employees. My role is to help these 10 to 20 companies grow and be successful. How I do that is by helping them understand the resources that we have at Salesforce and how we can map the technology capabilities that we have to their needs and their purpose to help these companies grow. My role is to help my customers achieve their business objectives. It’s kind of a consultant role where I need to understand the business model, the technology, and the requirements of the customers to understand the ecosystem of resources we have in-house at Salesforce and connect them. I’m also volunteering within Salesforce. We have these Ohana Groups (the college alternative of that could be a Minerva club) and I’m part of this group called Genforce which brings people from across generations together to foster mutual learning. One of the projects I got involved with is with the International Labor Organization to help roll out skills innovation facilities in more than 115 countries. I’m part of the team which is actively working to make that happen.  There are also a lot of small things going on. I’m mentoring a few students from Minerva, helping people understand how to make a place inside the technology industry: what does an ideal profile look like in these different roles? EP: How did you get interested in this work or in Salesforce? MUA: Salesforce is just a fantastic company. In San Francisco in 2014, there was no Salesforce tower. But by the time we graduated, we had the Salesforce tower. All these people were going around downtown with the Salesforce bags and it was very enticing. But on a more serious note, I was genuinely interested in working with a startup. I knew that most of the learning comes from working in a small team where you try to do things and learn a lot. I had done that during my internships. Being an international student here in America, the whole visa sponsorship thing and being inside America is way easier if you are with a big company. So I knew that practicality demands me working with a bigger company. But I wanted to work in a company where I don’t have very traditional learning because I’ve heard that for entry-level employees there isn’t much learning. In consulting what I hear is that you’re just perfecting presentation and deck building for 2-3 years. You’re part of a team working on a big consulting project, but if it’s a big project, it takes time for you to be an active member of the team. In investment banking, it’s a lot of spreadsheets and Excel for a considerable amount of time. I wanted to work with a company that allows me to learn a lot and which does business in the right manner, in other words, in an ethical manner. I wouldn’t say names, but bigger companies, even though they have brought a lot of jobs, they have yet to do things the right way. So I wanted to work with a big company which does business in the right way, and I couldn’t come up with any case against Salesforce. To be honest, it was only after I joined Salesforce that I discovered its culture of learning. In the past eight months, I was just learning. Companies do not do that. It’s a lot of investment into one employee. In the past eight months, I was just learning. Companies do not do that. It’s a lot of investment into one employee. EP: What are your long term career goals? MUA: I have goals at a micro level and a macro level. I try to position myself by building the right habits and the right attitude and by meeting the right people and getting the right kinds of learning. All these are ingredients for your success.  The conception of success, what it looks like in one year or two years, keeps on evolving for me. So to be honest, while being a student, the goal was to get a job to make ends meet. Now it is to make a good brand for myself inside this company. The way to do that is to invest in yourself. You understand what you’re good at, what you’re bad at, and you can improve what you’re bad at. That’s what I’m focusing on: just learning. That is what success is for me. If I can learn and grow, I’m successful. This is how I see it right now but it might change. I want to learn from this fantastic company. I’m learning how Salesforce works and how we do business. But I’m not only restricted to that; I’m also learning a lot about other companies through working with customers. I aim to use this learning to eventually start something of my own. I think that my background at Minerva, having been to all of these places, and then this fantastic learning at Salesforce, would position me for success when I actually start my own. EP: Overall, do you have any takeaways from your time at Minerva? And how do you feel about it looking back now? MUA: At Minerva, all of us who were in the first class wanted to quickly make sense of what we were studying and if it’s actually going to help us succeed. At times we were confused. At times, we were negative and at times, we were overly positive: “We are the best kids in the world,” “every other college sucks,” “we are the best.” We went through all those phases. But I think now looking back, for myself, a takeaway is being comfortable when you have all the reasons in the world to tell yourself that you’re not comfortable. You could translate a lot of this into traveling and adjusting to a new city and finding which grocery store you are going to go to for the next four months or just creating a life for yourself. It can be translated as pretty much a pain in the ass or it could be translated as exciting or something that is building your muscle to adjust and adapt to places. I think the main thing that Minerva taught me is not to complain. I think that’s the way I created my experience at Minerva: not to complain, to really go with the flow but also to get learning out of it. So here’s the thing: if you throw me in, let’s say, a tunnel, that’s a fantastic experience for me because, even though it was painful, I would have learned how to come out of that tunnel. I think every learning counts and [it’s important to] become comfortable with the unknown and with change. These companies are very fast-moving; there are so many moving parts. My team just got changed in the last few weeks and I had no idea. I think my experience at Minerva trained me not to be too worried about change, to quickly adapt to professional and personal circumstances, and to see the light at the end of the tunnel: how to maximize my chances for success, how to leverage existing levers that I can pull to be successful. I think it is also not the best to be too fine with everything. Complaining all the time is also not the best. If something is wrong, genuinely wrong, I should adjust and I should try to position myself for success within that circumstance. And at the same time, I should also see if I can communicate and if I can make the situation better. Not looking at things from a black and white perspective: it’s bad or it’s good, I’m going to complain or I’m just gonna let it go. You have to kind of do both things at the same time and balance them. EP: Do you have any advice or recommendations for current Minerva students? MUA: Don’t be too hooked to grades. For instance, Salesforce even doesn’t know what my GPA is. They don’t even care about that. They had problem-solving in the interviews. They check the real stuff. When we get accepted at Minerva, Minerva actually looks at tons of variables and then makes a decision. It’s not GPA or SAT. It’s a sad reality that once we’re in Minerva, we kind of go back to being GPA focused. The capital that you can gain out of the Minerva experience is a cultural capital more than any other thing. And cultural capital can be broken down to: quickly adjusting to different situations, being able to work with different leadership styles, being able to work in different kinds of teams in different industries, conflict resolution, how to create a positive work experience, so many things. If somebody can’t extract the cultural capital out of Minerva’s experience of being in seven different countries, I think that is a loss. Because once you graduate, you have other responsibilities. What you have at Minerva doesn’t come by that easily. So definitely immerse and get into conversations and debates and put yourself into situations. I think that is the biggest thing. I recently gave a talk at Minerva for the class of M’22 so I gave them this example: if you have only had an apple in your life, if you’re only seen an apple, if you have only smelled an apple, if you’ve only tasted an apple, does this mean that apple is the best food in the world? No, you haven’t tried oranges, you haven’t given the same shot to other things. So, using this analogy, what worked for me is trying different roles in different industries, different civic projects in different industries across the seven cities. That was so great of an experience for me because I got an experience in consulting, banking, working in a small startup, working in a big startup, working remotely, working on-site, with a bad manager, and with a great manager. That really gave me a very fine understanding of the different roles, the different companies, and the different industries. It informed me of what I wanted to be. When I started at Minerva, I was so sure and being so sure about what you want to do so early on, it may be fantastic or may be just plain wrong. We’re entitled to our opinions, but they can be wrong. Let’s be open to that as well. If you have only had an apple in your life, if you’re only seen an apple, if you have only smelled an apple, if you’ve only tasted an apple, does this mean that apple is the best food in the world? Minervans want to figure things out fast. Everybody has this professional question: what you want to do in life. The process is the answer. And what is the process? To try it out. I had serendipity even in the people I lived with. I lived with different people in my seven semesters. I wanted the best return on my investment: that is when I can get all the flavors in the world of different civic projects, different locations. So that helped me build my cultural capital and my professional capital. It’s helped me tremendously in all the ways it can. You can try out different teams in college. College is a safe environment, especially Minerva. You can try out different roles. It’s all right; there’s another semester, or another spring break, or another summer break. If you’re so sure about the things you want to do, then you have not tried other fruits, other professions. And you want to start that role after graduation you may or may not enjoy it or you may not even know if there is a better reality that exists for you that matches your personality, that matches what really fulfills you. So being open to that is fundamental. EP: Do you have a favorite memory from Minerva that you want to share? MUA: My philosophy is that anything that I can experience to the fullest, it could be a sunset or it could be a conversation, that becomes a good memory. So anything and everything could be a good memory. It’s not that a few things stand out but to give you something: I’m a big fan of sweets and trying out different sweets in different cultures. Everybody in my class knows that I was a big fan of Wonder Waffle on Adalbertstrasse in Berlin. It was fantastic. I used to have one waffle a day. I put a couple of pounds but I just enjoyed it with a lot of other people. So that was the way I used to enjoy myself and meet people. I’m not saying that’s a good thing, it was a lot of sugar, but still. In San Francisco, it was bubble tea: Boba Guys. So in every city, I had a sweet tooth for something which has affected my health rather not in the best way. But it’s all right, I’m working on it. EP: Is there anything else that you want to add? MUA: I’ve recently been talking with a lot of students in pretty much all the classes about jobs and internships because I have worked in pretty much all the industries in my internships. There was a time that I had back to back rejections. Working with students across different classes, something that I am seeing is people are very goal-focused. Goal-focused in a way like “How can we get a job?” There’s one way: “Don’t help me catch the fish, teach me how to fish.” I like teaching people how to fish. And teaching people how to fish is a process. And once you go through the process you become able to answer these questions for yourself, these personal questions, these professional questions. I like teaching people how to fish. And teaching people how to fish is a process. And once you go through the process you become able to answer these questions for yourself. Something that I would like to mention is: be willing to love the process and immerse yourself in the process of learning. We all come with the premise that we want to be great learners but at some point in the journey, some of us forget that and stop learning. We just want to figure things out quickly. So that’s what I would call anti-Minerva, anti-Minerva’s philosophy of learning and education. Be process focused and if anybody wants to speak about what this process looks like, I’m happy to work with the individual person to help them. That is something I can offer to the Minerva community as a whole.
 It’s financial aid season, and there have been a number of private questions for me about how I managed my finances at Minerva. Most of my classmates know that since my freshman year in San Francisco, I haven’t been offered any financial aid from Minerva despite numerous appeals (other than a Climb loan package, which I declined due to the high interest rates). Though it has been, at times, overwhelmingly difficult to manage the costs of attending Minerva, I’ve still managed to come to every rotation city, thanks to the tips I’ll share below. I don’t mind being transparent, so here is a short list of things I’ve done. The interest payments are WAY lower than the Climb loans and I only have to start paying on the principal amount one year after I graduate. This is much more favourable than the Climb loan. I’ve worked up to nine jobs before (yes, this was freaking crazy and I don’t recommend it, but you do what you gotta do). I recommend one full-time job and one part-time or contract-based job. This work schedule allowed me to put in hours in the evenings after regular work days and during weekends, which really helped with my total amount of savings. The summer after my first year, I worked as a waitress at a luxury golf resort (where I knew there’d be huge tips) and made a ton of money this way — I hated my job but it paid for my next year at Minerva. Although my waitressing job was far from my ideal for so many reasons I won’t get into, I spent the rest of my time working full-time for a political campaign, which felt enormously rewarding and kept me sane although it didn’t pay as much. With these two jobs, I felt like I was able to strike a balance between work that would enhance my resume and work that would provide me with financial stability.  This breaks down to $600USD per month of the semester. This is my monthly budget so that I don’t run out of money for food and other necessities. Minerva internships pay a very reliable amount that can be used to get through the next school year: $15/hr for 40 hours a week x 15 weeks = $9,000USD. It sucks, but I had to decline many internship opportunities that simply didn’t pay enough or were unpaid (F these people, this is immoral). FYI, I also avoid internships that advertise payment by stipend. These stipends are usually lump-sum payments that don’t break down to a worthwhile hourly rate — sometimes less than $6/hr when you do the math.  Up to 10-15 hours a week. These are pretty easy to find! Roles like data entry, research, social media, and communications will be possible. I’ve had a part-time job every semester since I started going to Minerva: San Francisco: I worked 20-30 hrs/week at 24 Hour Fitness. (I have a US passport so this was possible.) I found that it was much cheaper to buy groceries and cook in my room (recommended: Trader Joe’s for good deals & good quality food) than to eat out, despite how difficult it was to manage this with the residence’s shared kitchen setup. I ended up buying a discount rice cooker which enabled me to cook the majority of my meals in my own room — I relied on rice and sweet potatoes, for the most part, to keep me full since veggies were pretty pricey. Seoul: I had a part-time contract from the summer that I was able to extend; this covered me through October for about 10 hrs/week. I would argue that in Seoul, it’s almost as cheap to buy groceries as it is to eat at restaurants. Relax, and treat yourself to some kimbap — the cheapest versions will sell for ₩1,000 ($0.82USD)! Hyderabad: I started this semester unemployed, although I spent some serious time job-hunting over the winter break. I used standard opportunity websites like Handshake and LinkedIn but made sure to filter for “remote” or “contract-based” opportunities to weed out positions that would require me to be physically present. By February, I found a small part-time contract that earned me a decent amount of income. I found this semester to be very affordable, due to the low cost of living in Hyderabad. Berlin: I continued with two of my summer jobs for 20 hrs/week until October when one contract ended. I continued for 10 hrs/week through December with the other contract. This semester is a great opportunity to travel cheaply — I bought $20 flights to Italy and took a road trip to Poland for $75. Buenos Aires: I continued with my summer job for 10 hrs/week until February. I left the country mid-March due to COVID-19, so now I’m back home and don’t have to worry about my immediate living expenses. I found this semester to also be quite affordable — it was no hardship to treat myself to a bag full of empanadas when each one was only about 30 Argentine pesos ($0.46USD at the time of writing). Both semesters, I used AirBnb to find housing and saved a significant amount (about $300USD each semester) that I was then able to carry over into my food/travel budget. Because of this, I had money to take a few inexpensive trips to surrounding countries. I’ve just been notified that I’ll have work-study for the London & Taipei semesters, which GREATLY relieves my summer stress and which I’m over the moon about! Woohoo  So many of my classmates have told me that they never see me and sometimes forget that I’m even in the rotation city. This has made me unspeakably sad on many occasions. I’ve felt invisible. I implore you to think about the commitments that people have to fulfil behind-the-scenes that make it impossible for them to be around that much. I’ve had to turn down invites to go to cafés and restaurants for obvious reasons — because I couldn’t pay for my meal or because I needed the time to work on contracts. And give people a chance! Don’t stop trying to get to know someone even after time has gone by. I feel so happy whenever anyone, even if I don’t know them very well, asks to hang out with me. I’m worn out, grumpy and pessimistic a lot of the time because of everything on my plate, but I still wish people would give me a chance. I’m sure many other people feel the same way — so I hope this article, though brief, can help foster a greater sense of mindfulness and understanding among the members of each Minerva cohort. 
 This article is the second in a series on the global rotation. You can read a short piece introducing the project here, the first article on the global rotation and education here, and the second article about the constraints on the model here. The global rotation has been described as unsustainable in several ways, the most obvious being environmental. But it may also be unsustainable in terms of money, logistics, and emotions, placing burdens on students they feel like they can’t continue to carry. In this article, we ask: how much, in the broadest possible sense, does the global rotation cost? And, is it worth it? The carbon emissions from frequent international flights and waste from students buying and discarding items in each city contributes to the global climate crisis. Dennis Posthumus, Minerva’s Berlin Student Experience Designer, has a background in ecology and cited this issue as his main critique of the Minerva model.  “Staff members fly out of San Francisco to meet someone [in Berlin] or just to say ‘hi.’ Sure, it’s not fair to put it that way, but sometimes it feels like that,” Posthumus told the Quest. “The amount of money and pollution that goes into that is staggering, and you can’t really do that in good conscience.” Minerva has made some improvements in its environmental impact. Individual students and staff members concerned about the environment can buy carbon offsets for their flights. Minerva also piloted an official, funded Sustainability Team this year, which examined ways to cut back on waste.  Beyond this literal environmental unsustainability, the global rotation can also be unsustainable for individual students in terms of finances and logistics. The cost of plane tickets adds up, as does the time invested in securing visas. Students struggling financially and/or from countries with weaker passports often experience the most stress from these burdens.  In terms of the travel costs, Reed Cooper, Minerva’s Director of Enrollment & Advising, pointed out that Minerva would be even more expensive if students spent all four years in San Francisco. This rationale doesn’t address travel-related costs or the possibility of staying several years in a cheaper rotation city. That said, it does point out that including less expensive cities helps students, in a sense, save money compared to peers who remain in costly metropolises.  Finally, the global rotation can be stressful and exhausting, even for students with strong passports and full bank accounts. A place-based sense of stability is impossible, and many people are routinely pushed out of their comfort zones.  Vicki Chandler, Minerva’s Chief Academic Officer & Dean of Faculty, emphasized Minerva students range from wanting more cities, to fewer cities, to doing away with the global rotation completely. Consequently, Chandler said, there is some flexibility for individual students, who can opt out of a city because of visa issues, personal concerns, or professional reasons. Deciding to go off rotation, however, can negatively impact financial aid and F-1 visas for students who aren’t US citizens. [An important component of the global rotation is having] an open mindset and being willing to have experiences that are uncomfortable and push your boundaries. As well as knowing your boundaries and taking time to rest and recover before going out again. Capri LaRocca, Minerva’s Director of Student Experience, framed the inevitable stresses of the global rotation as an opportunity for students to develop resilience and learn to continually try new things, and sometimes fail at them, while exploring a new city. “[An important component of the global rotation is having] an open mindset and being willing to have experiences that are uncomfortable and push your boundaries,” LaRocca told the Quest. “As well as knowing your boundaries and taking time to rest and recover before going out again.”  Jonathan Katzman, Chief Product Officer at Minerva, recalled a similar educational model with moves as frequent as the global rotation: his wife’s medical residency. “It was a massive roller coaster to start from scratch in each place,” he told the Quest. “But overall she gained a full understanding of pediatrics.”  Some students, however, have argued the benefits from the rotation and overcoming its difficulties fail to compensate for the academic losses they experienced as a result of the lack of stability and logistical challenges. Recently, Toni Schroeder (M’20) wrote an article criticizing the abnormally late classes for her and her peers in Taipei. The difficulty of scheduling courses across three time zones left many students with class until as late as 2 am, which, Schroeder asserts, can damage quantity and quality of sleep, both integral to effective learning. While this issue should be within Minerva’s power to fix for future cohorts, it is a salient instance of the ways the academic experience — which should be the main thing students are paying for — can be effectively compromised, rather than augmented by, the rotation. Both LaRocca and Ben Nelson emphasized the distinction between the reality of the Minerva rotation and the easygoing extended study-abroad experience often imagined when someone hears “seven cities in four years.” According to Nelson, over the past five years, Minerva has increased how much they emphasize the difficulty and academic aspects of Minerva and decreased their messaging about travel.  Junko Green, Minerva’s Chief Discovery & Communications Officer, told the Quest “we are constantly working to accurately portray the benefits — and the challenges — of the global rotation.” The ultimate goal of recruiting marketing, as she wrote, is to “attract the right kind of students to Minerva,” which requires balancing excitement and curiosity with honest conversations exploring if this is the right school for someone. Minerva has continued to correct that balance. For the first three cohorts (Founding Class, Inaugural Class, and M’20), Nelson said Minerva’s curriculum and the global rotation received equal emphasis in recruitment communications. The message many of the students who heard those pitches took away, according to Nelson, was that they would be joining a school of “global party people.” He said 90 percent of messaging to M’21 was focused on the curriculum and how hard Minerva is, and, with M’22 and M’23, they attempted to overemphasize difficulty. We are constantly working to accurately portray the benefits — and the challenges — of the global rotation Anecdotally, Nelson claims he’s seen encouraging changes in the expectations each class has when they enter Minerva as a result of these evolving marketing tactics. “In general, the way the M’23s [Minerva’s current first year class] embrace challenge is quite different from the other classes,” Nelson said. “They’re unfazed by a lot of things that I think certainly M’19s or M’20s would be more fazed by.” Green told the Quest that the marketing team has also begun to focus on the value students will get out of the global rotation. She wrote they are intentionally sharing about “the opportunity to practice the HCs [students] are learning in various cultural contexts, empathic understanding of diverse social dynamics, the growth that comes from navigating so many different places in such a short period of time.”  Based on her conversations with students and alumni, Green believes that while “the rotation is challenging, the benefits of going through the challenge and persevering far outweigh the discomfort some feel.” As Minerva graduates more students, it may become more apparent that the rotation is truly worth the difficulty. Or perhaps the most frustrating challenges will be resolved as Minerva continues to refine its recruiting strategy and improve the student experience. For now, though, let us know: How challenging have you found the global rotation? And do you think it will all be worth it in the end (and when, indeed, is “the end”)? Please share your thoughts with us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 
 Esmeralda 933 Shani 
 
 
 Saint Moritz on a Sunday           For Minerva class of 2021            The city is strange without you. Things familiar to us now closed: Lavaya,  Heladaría Esmeralda, the vegetarian buffet that’s always packed during lunch  on weekdays. I hope we see each other again soon. You showed me that home  doesn’t need to be attached to a place. It can be found in late night walks  and heated arguments about what to eat for lunch and getting yelled at by bus  drivers for our perpetual confusion. I compiled a collection of thoughts and  impressions inspired by a city that’s always raining AC pee. Our home for a  few months. I hope this makes you smile or feel a little less lonely.                 
 
 There was something oddly vulnerable about this scene Elevation “We could use a little less reality” 
 
 
 -Henry 
 
 January 1st: Flight to EZE 
 There is terrain like you’ve never seen before 
 Bloody pools of earth and caked mud 
 These marbled sand dunes green and pink 
 Dried up riverbeds carving swirls into land 
 Perfectly geometric grid lines 
 No person or house in sight 
 No indication that humans have conquered this majesty 
 We just flew past Patagonia 
 There are snow capped mountains enshrouded by clouds still visible if you look back 
 30,000 feet in the air and still 
 This is the closest I’ve felt to earth 
 
 
 
 Beauty with a  fence around it      San Martin ; 
 
 Art Studio:  Malabia Town  3 Good Things:          1. Have you ever heard birds flying so close? The flutter of wings like tissue paper unwrapping    [On another note, the pigeons  in this city look like they’ve  been through war. A and I send  each other pictures of the  scraggliest war vet pigeons we  can find in parks]   
 
 
 
 
 
 2. That mango eaten above the cutting board: juice dripping to elbows. Soft and sweet. 
 
 
 
 
 
 3. It’s sunset and there are purple flowers falling. No one is looking at their phones, everyone looking at each other. 
 
 
   
 
 Thursday after classes: The park on the  way to Disco      This woman looked so  peaceful     Eyes closed    Feet hovering above the  ground  
 
 “I think I’m sexually attracted to red flags” 
 
 
 
 —Yanal Tower 2 Roof: a rare occasion where  last night’s bad decisions become  more aesthetic in the daylight 
 
 
 Plaza San Martin Climbing vine outside  R’s window Darling,      I believed     Love starts and ends with house plants                    Until    We discovered a rainforest in  Argentina       The oxygen so abundant                     You make my lungs ache          We are Adam and Eve enchanted by  things we shouldn’t taste         Danger in possibilities       The richness and depth that can be  ours      Shatters the sweetness of ordinary  life       This will bar us from ever returning  to Eden but               We long for it anyways                       
 
 3 Good Things:           1. In Buenos Aires, you can see green oil pooling in avocados, pit removed. The fruit so warm and soft from ripening under the Argentine sun that the oil has separated from the flesh. Cut it with a spoon, it will dissolve in your mouth 
 
 
 2. Last night: moist air felt like saran wrap clinging to skin but conversation was good and the pizza crust was perfectly crunchy. We took turns biting into an alfajor on the 152 bus at 11pm. Licking flattened crumbs from silver plastic 
 
 
 
 3. There were times in the sunset, in the cotton soft clouds against a dreamy creamy sky, when I wanted to kiss you. When I think you were looking at my mouth and thinking the
same 
 
 Teacher’s library Friday with H 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We ate Indian food for lunch and sat in a park talking about the lack of elderly interracial couples 
 Meet me at this bench in 2068 
 With your wispy white beard 
 I’m the one with the silver perm and beige crocs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 . . . 
 
 
 We were on the roof and she was crying. 
 But before that we were dancing 
 It was beautiful messy mostly beautiful 
 For a second all we did was dance with each other by ourselves dance with glass skyscrapers sturdy frameworks the backdrop of lights white and romantic 
 we climbed a rusty red ladder to the protruding cement rising on the rooftop, two bottles of wine, casual swigs till they’re empty to be repurposed for flowers or tossed carelessly into the bin at 3am 
 She’s crying and I want to comfort her, but words fall short so we stand in the dark hugging each other tightly, tears wet and warm falling Paraguay and Esmeralda:  Sitting outside Le Petit 
 
 Take a teaspoon of salt    Add a little honey    Make me a sea potion with    Black pepper and cayenne    Only the dried flowers    It will evoke the sound of seashells    We whisper across waves    Lantern orange reflecting off your skin    I touch you through a wooden mirror    Darling, close your eyes and dream of                 cities in the sun    MiCorner: End of the World Edition 
 Sitting in the sun thinking about fluorescent orange jellyfish in deep blue waters. Outside WeWork. This week was strange and left me with a mild headache and general feeling of annoyance. But I’m outside and trying to think about good things. Like how jellyfish move. And R, excited to learn songs by Beirut on the ukulele. Like learning Spanish from Uber drivers. And feeling your mind melt when you sit like this, in a beam of direct light, listening to music, absorbing sun like a cactus on a windowsill. 
 
 
 
 I will tell myself these things until they sound true, until the fear that this story may end any other way evaporates 
 
 How did this happen? 
 Lives condensed prematurely back into suitcases 
 Carried to airports, wheeled onto international flights booked two hours in advance. No time for goodbyes. 
 
 
 A week ago, 
 We were buying overpriced drinks in exchange for air conditioned procrastination at Starbucks 
 We were sitting on the concrete bench outside our hotel at midnight sharing oreos and chips, licking cheese dust from our fingers. Negotiating what to watch on Netflix. 
 
 
 Today, 
 You’re back with your family in Pakistan and I’m still here in Buenos Aires. Seeing ghosts of familiar smiles on the last walk to Puerto Madero. The city shuts down tomorrow. 
 It was a rapid unraveling, everything falling apart at once, no ribbon to neatly tie up loose ends. Leaving without closure, no last words just a sentence interrupted halfway 
 
 
 In London, 
 We will steal back the nights we should’ve spent dancing in Palermo 
 We will recall the time spent apart and lonely with humor and grace 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 There are clumps of dandelion fluff seceded from the flower 
 Carelessly being tossed by the wind 
 Dreading the descent towards heavy soil 
 Wishing instead to float 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 and float Until they disintegrate in the sunlight 
 But what a sad way to live 
 Without any roots 
 On the edge of existence 
 
 
 It’s supposed to be detrimental for human happiness to be mentally absent from the current moment 
 Funny to read this after 2 decades of vagabonding through distant galaxies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 compelled by everything that isn’t here 
 How do you tame a wandering mind? 
 Spent the afternoon at the Ecological Reserve, looking at how light casts fluid shapes on blue green waters. The smell of salt. 
 Try to stay, despite the desire to float away 
 Maybe it’s time to calibrate my mental coordinates with reality 
 Perhaps then, happiness will find me more easily 
 At the very least, I’ll have a more reliable address to receive mail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \ 
 
 
 
 … Alice’s tea house, San Telmo Bio, Palermo  D’s birthday  3 Good Things       1.M, in the first week of trying to quit smoking: using his hands to wipe spilled red wine off a table top and casually rubbing it on his cheeks. Laughing and saying his state of mind has been strange lately 
 
 
 2. Sunday morning and the air smells like homemade bread and possibility 
 
 
 3. A canvas of oil paint: slick and wet. When the light hits, all the colors are washed out till all you can see is the movement of the palette knife – nothing left but buttery textures “ Argentina has stopped all air travel. Indefinitely? Uncertainty rapidly escalating. Maybe this can still catalyze good things. We can reach out to everyone we know, everyone we’ve ever loved and tell them how they make us feel 
 We lived in a box Of chairs and wooden tables 
 Silver cutlery and affection 
 Like the almond inside a peach pit Wrapped in ripe honey sweetness 
 You scatter seeds from a hole in your jean pocket Little trails wherever you go Buds of pale soft green bloom in wet soil 
 A heaviness in each step A lightness in your eyes 
 I found a plastic watch inside an old house Broken Slipped it into my dress pocket The ghost of ticking echoes wherever I go 
 When we kiss I think of fingernails Seashell pink with white half moons 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pottery room in Malabia Town. The windows open and the sound of rain. The smell of incense.  A case study on solitude and peace 
 . . . To love people, briefly but completely in the time spent drawing: they become the only thing that exists, generating a deep affection for each detail and change in mannerism 
 The slight upturn of their nose and the way a smirk curls lopsided to the left, the furrow in their forehead as they sing, the way fingers are wrung anxiously before performing. Hair falling into their eyes, a smile faltering. 
 Do you know how precious you are? 
 There is no shame in having shadows 
 Without them you’d be blinding white light 
 Impossible to look at 
 
 
  let alone touch 
 
 How lonely would that be? 
 
 
 
 
 Music Night Went to Malabia Town and it was different from the bright airy bubble we discovered on Exploration Day. It was dark in the corridor, and there was the smell of damp laundry and food. Someone in the art studio: Cristian, from Spain, proud of himself for learning to make hand sewn notebooks. Something vibrant and deep inside his chest I could not reach. The bone structure of a bird, his gestures graceful and lively. A dancer. 
 I went back into the rain [it was raining harder now] and walked to Librería Gandhi. A colorful wool scarf becoming increasingly wet. 
 The cafe was cold and my skin felt hot but I sat down and drank berry flavored tea and ate all the chocolate (the bar stale but there was the tang of pink salt) and finished creating diagrams and citations and editing an assignment on the Argentine Constitution. Ate a white chocolate alfajor, crumbs falling everywhere while calling an Uber to the music club. I was shaking for some reason and  my skin was still hot and strange. The night was a poorly lit haze, trying to draw everyone who performed as a distraction from how self-conscious I felt. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Figs from a fruit vendor I often pass running: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Doce por cien    He held the plastic bag as I squatted and picked 
 Some so plump they felt like they might burst 
 I held them gently between fingers 
 Searching for imperfections 
 He tore one open to show me 
 Breaking the deep purple belly with a firm thumb 
 The insides soft and pink 
 A freckling of mustard yellow seeds 
 They’re fresh 
 Run them through water 
 Dip them in honey      
 
 
 
 
 In a park next to the bus stop by the Botanical Gardens 
 It’s the first comfortable encounter with stillness this week: no racing thoughts, no bumbling fixation. There are pigeons bobbing around and kids playing in the shadow of trees. The trees in this city are bizarre: there is one to my right that has leaves like cotton balls. 
 There’s an eccentric couple reading in front of a bush of daffodils. A flurry of yellow and green. The afternoon light looks beautiful on them. She’s wearing a velvet purple turtleneck, her hair a halo of pinkish orange. He looks at home with himself — disheveled sleepy curls and a faded shirt the color of stormy seas. He’s lying down, his head on her lap. She plays with his hair and reads out loud in Spanish. 
 
 
 
 
   A small good thing 
 We sat side by side on a dark green bench and ate ice cream from separate containers [you: plum and chocolate. me: dulce de leche and pistachio] with arms pressed together 
 
 There is a thin membrane of sweat 
 A and I are sprawled on tanning beds on the 3rd tower terrace He looks like he married the sun 
 Sweat converges into drops and leave watery trail marks down my neck 
 Yesterday R and I were walking in San Telmo, squinting in bright light. Trying to find coolness. We ate churros that were insane— deep fried hedonism with a dulce de leche center 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hot on the tongue 
 
 
 
 
 
 Consider this a test of courage and togetherness and kindness 
 
 let’s make the best out of a shipwreck Window washers outside WeWork 
 
 Day 2 of the government shut-down Whimsical and unexpected: Workers sitting in the air, suspended by thin spindly wires, white suds forming, brightly colored buckets dangling on each side
 This article is the second in a series on the global rotation. You can read a short piece introducing the project here, and the first article on the global rotation and education here. The global rotation is a delicate balance of quality and quantity. We jet-set across seven cities and jam professional development, academics, cultural immersion, and personal growth into each semester. Students are encouraged to choose what they want to prioritize, but what are the constraints on student agency and the logistical concerns of the Minerva model?  Barbara Walder, Minerva’s Global Director of Operations, points out that recruiting local staff is crucial for Minerva to facilitate deeper engagement with the rotation cities. “Students miss out on authentic experiences if residents aren’t involved in Minerva’s remote [non-US] locations,” Walder told the Quest.  Walder added that Minerva needs to take a long-term approach to develop civic partnerships and other opportunities for students. “Finding partners is especially difficult if we begin the process the summer before students arrive in a city,” she said. “We should have a twelve-month lens.” As Minerva becomes more established, Walder hopes that the civic projects will be thoughtfully curated to reflect “greater synergy” between the Coaching & Talent Development and Student Affairs teams.  Capri LaRocca, Minerva’s Director of Student Experience, told the Quest that curated immersion events, or “signature experiences,” can give students an in-depth understanding of each rotation city. Examples of such events include the Buddhist temple stay in Seoul, a weekend-long volunteering opportunity to build houses in a Buenos Aires slum, and a field trip to a concentration camp near Berlin. “Those experiences lend themselves to getting out of the residence halls and spending more time in a place,” LaRocca said. She emphasized “the intention is to have extended engagement with local organizations and people, not just introducing a concept but really digging into it.” SXP is currently working to develop more of these signature experiences in each city.  LaRocca also hopes SXP can build partnerships with local colleges and students in each city. She shared the example of a Minerva cohort that hosted a photography workshop with students from the California College of the Arts. “With professionals, it can be hard to break through differences in age,” LaRocca said. “But experiencing things with a local university and their students is another great way to connect.”  [Signature] experiences lend themselves to getting out of the residence halls and spending more time in a place. The intention is to have extended engagement with local organizations and people, not just introducing a concept but really digging into it. An “intimate politics” initiative organized by Taiwan’s SXP team is another promising example of engaging with local residents. This year’s Elevation for M’20 overlapped with the January presidential elections in Taiwan, so SXP paired students with host families to watch political rallies. Anna Kim, Minerva’s Seoul City Experience Manager, was one of the organizers of this initiative and celebrated the opportunity for students to learn about the election from local families across the political spectrum.  Both of these examples aim to create more opportunities to understand the perspective of locals. LaRocca told the Quest that SXP has recently emphasized connecting with local people because, “drawing from conversations with students and staff, I’ve realized that a lot of our programming has been predominantly with other Minervans.”  Forming relationships with locals can greatly help with adjusting to a new culture. Kim, who had previously traveled to Southeast Asia and the Americas, shared that she was not prepared for the culture shock she experienced when she first visited Hyderabad. When she returned the next year, her connections with locals helped her transition.  “When I went to India three years ago with the Class of 2020, I realized how tough it was to actually live in a new place for four months,” Kim told the Quest.“Because of the friendships I had with locals, I could understand Indian culture through their stories instead of only seeing India through a tourist’s eyes.” A longer stay in each location would naturally allow students to create deeper relationships with local people and organizations. With this in mind, the Quest asked staff members for their take on switching to a four-city rotation – a frequently discussed alternative to the current seven-city model.  Walder commented that four months is not enough to engage meaningfully with our rotation cities, asking “Can you seriously look through the eyes of a resident after four months in Berlin?” Nevertheless, given the current model, Walder emphasized that the onus is on students to be intentional about what they want to take away from each city. Reed Cooper, Minerva’s Director of Enrollment & Advising, noted that proponents of a four-city model would have to consider: which cities would be included, and why? Choosing only cosmopolitan cities like London and Seoul would drastically raise the cost of education. If one of the chosen cities was Hyderabad, students from Nigeria and Pakistan would miss out on an entire year with their cohort due to difficulties securing Indian visas. Moreover, Reed said that without a partnership in a local university —  which at present only exists in Seoul, Hyderabad, and Taipei — it is difficult to obtain a year-long visa in the rotation cities.  This individual managed to find one person to seriously date in every city. If the semester is long enough for that, it’s certainly long enough for deeper interaction. On the other hand, Ben Nelson argued that four months is actually quite long. He recalled a Minerva student who once asked him how to have meaningful interactions in the rotation cities over a mere semester. “Date a local” was Nelson’s advice, and the student followed through. “This individual managed to find one person to seriously date in every city. If the semester is long enough for that, it’s certainly long enough for deeper interaction,” remarked Nelson.  Nelson further argued that there are drawbacks to spending too much time in a single place: Boredom can set in. In his view, the depth of a relationship is not defined by the amount of time spent together, but the quality of engagement and the tasks accomplished.  “When I think about my closest friends as an adult, most of them I see twice or three times a year,” Nelson shared as an example.  As we have observed in our three years on rotation, however, boredom often falls fairly low on the list of students’ concerns. Students are often more than busy with not just developing meaningful relationships, but also doing so while coping with multiple deadlines for academics, civic projects, and work-study; handling challenges related to travel plans and visa arrangements, issues that disproportionately affect students from lower socio-economic backgrounds; and devoting time to sleeping, exercising, healthy eating, and other aspects of self care. Given this, the need to strike a more sustainable balance between quantity and quality still holds true for many students.  What’s your take on the four vs. seven cities debate? Have SXP events helped you immerse in the cities and form relationships with locals? If you want to share your thoughts, please reach out to us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here!  Stupid people, I feel hurt, hurt that we’re leaving, hurt that we left. We were supposed to conquer our biases during Foundation Year. What happened?  We were not supposed to be stupid. Given a domain of loss, we were supposed to minimize being risk-averse at the 5% possibility that our borders would remain shut.  “Borders are closing! Quick make a decision! Quick, quick, quick…  System 1 thinking, is it not?” Ohhh, sure…  We thought about our families,  Of what might happen in four months,  Of what a pandemic means in a “Third World Country” – we rich world, “civilized” fuck.   Stupid people,  I am angry at how easy we gave up. India was difficult: this was our excuse. Was our stay not suited to our liking? Was the air too bad for our health? Were the streets too crowded for our walking? Were the people too mean when they stared? Or were we just not up for the challenge? Maybe, we are better than those who stayed. Maybe, we can see things they can’t seem to weigh. Maybe, time will prove them wrong. But now I am only angry, Angry that we left in a day, Angry at how we overreacted, packed our bags, and fled. And then we cried! “I didn’t have a choice,” we said! But of choices, we had plenty. We left. As if we didn’t know how much we change in half a year. We left. Ourselves counting. By the time we meet, 174 days will pass. Some will find love, sink into depression, and then do their best to stay afloat. Others will find God, then create their God, and then stop believing in God. Because 174 is a lot of time. Enough time to become a chef or go across America walking. Enough time to write a book or start an NGO or watch one’s dog give birth to puppies. Enough time to think about who we want to be and then iterate one day after the other. When reality poops us out and we settle into our new dormitories, We’ll be different stupid people. Goodbye.  I will not meet you again. I will meet another you and that’s alright. But it ain’t. Out of all the stupid people, I am the stupidest one, having relied on someone who walked away when things got rough. I wanted us to change together.  Now, I’m just hurt.
  This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here!   He sits surrounded in silence.  Not the sticky silence That cements you into place But the serene silence That soothes your mind Sending worries away Making space for dreams He sketches the soft outlines of life. Swiftly adding dimension and details  Replacing static lines with strokes of motion  Stoically working until a complete image settles  A standing woman staring up at the stars. Just as her eyes soak in the view The starlight surges out of the page  Setting our world ablaze, With shining shimmering hope.  Dreams set free  by stunning streaks of ink, Suspended in starlight, Strengthened by his silence.
 This article is the first in a series on the global rotation. You can read a short piece introducing the project here. The most important function of the global rotation, according to Ben Nelson, is teaching students how to adapt to new situations and “transfer” HCs. In this view, the rotation cities are more of a means to the end of HC transfer rather than objects of learning themselves. Each move presents an opportunity to strengthen skills like recognizing biases or adapting communication styles, rather than these skills being used to develop a stronger understanding of a new culture.  This framing leads to maximizing the number of rotation cities. Each transition ideally strengthens the core, context-independent HCs more than staying in place does. Students won’t necessarily gain in-depth knowledge of the place or form meaningful relationships as easily as they would over a longer stay, but Nelson asserts that was never the point. Instead, the point is to learn how to recognize and adapt to, for example, nuanced communication styles in Seoul, rather than to fully grasp the history and culture behind that style. Minerva does, of course, strongly encourage learning about each city, and SXP curates opportunities to serve that goal. In addition to these extracurricular events, LBAs also require students to engage with the city through the lens of coursework. While some LBAs more successfully encourage cultural immersion than others, they ensure students conduct at least some location-specific research or activity. The point is to learn how to recognize and adapt to, for example, nuanced communication styles in Seoul, rather than to fully grasp the history and culture behind that style. This year Minerva piloted the Intercultural Competency Course (ICC), an eight-semester curriculum geared at preparing students to “engage effectively and appropriately in a variety of cultural contexts,” according to an article included in the course materials. Through readings, co-curricular immersion activities, and LBAs, students should develop a nuanced perspective on their own cultural backgrounds as well as those of the rotation cities.  “Students had some of their stereotypes reinforced, and others completely blown up”, remarked Vicki Chandler, Minerva’s Chief Academic Officer & Dean of Faculty, reflecting on the first iteration of the ICC with the Class of 2023. Chandler also pointed out that Minerva’s unique curriculum not only exposes students to global locations but also gives students the chance to interact with those locations through “the eyes of various cultures” given each cohort’s global diversity. As Nelson outlined in his article, cities are also framed in terms of a “thematic arc,” though this frame is more of an extra layer of meaning than a core criteria for choosing locations. This overarching narrative is rarely mentioned in formal student programming, at least as we and our classmates in M’21 and M’20 remember, but it supposedly influences the way individual cities are framed. Starting in San Francisco, Nelson wrote, grounds the Minerva experience in optimistic start-up culture. In the words of Kayla Cohen (M’19), as cited in Nelson’s article, “in San Francisco the question isn’t if the major institutions of the world will reform but how.” The next two cities are framed in terms of economic development. In Seoul, students learn about how, in just a few decades, South Korea transformed from one of the world’s poorest countries to an economic powerhouse. Next semester, they can compare the hyper-modern city resulting from this rapid growth to Hyderabad, which has developed at a steadier pace but is rising in global prominence. The two cities are also still shaped by 20th century geopolitical divisions; Seoul is close to the North Korean border, and Hyderabad has a large Muslim community that stayed in India after the partition. In their third year, students live in two, according to Nelson, “mature” capital cities. He wrote that, “If you were to take a time machine back to the beginning of the 20th century and had selective knowledge of the future, you would be hard pressed to bet against Buenos Aires’s prosperity compared to Berlin’s.”  A hundred years ago, Buenos Aires was thriving, while today it faces an economic crisis; Nelson writes that it “struggles to live up to its potential.” Berlin, on the other hand, had an incredibly chaotic 20th century but is now one of the most important cities in Europe.  Finally, students experience the vestiges of two once formidable empires that, as Nelson wrote, “faced collapse and rebirth and are now struggling with their place in that context.”  London, once the capital of imperial Britain, is now set to become more isolated than ever after Brexit. Taipei was the refuge of the Kuomintang nationalist party, which Nelson describes as “the successor of dynastic China,” and is now home to a government that, like the UK, is struggling to define its relationship with its mainland neighbor.  It is not guaranteed, however, that students’ experiences on rotation will align with these themes. As we have observed, for example, most students in Hyderabad did not engage with the city’s Muslim community, though this Islamic culture was one of the main reasons Minerva chose it instead of another Indian city, like Bangalore, that has also grown rapidly but is less religiously diverse.  “It’s not like we thought there was Muslim culture in Hyderabad and it somehow vanished,” Nelson told the Quest. “But we have not been as successful at making it accessible and students have not taken the initiative to avail themselves of it. That needs to be worked on.”   What else in the global rotation needs to be worked on? What is already working? If you want to share your thoughts, please reach out to us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 This piece for Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features Florence Pauline Basubas, an M’19 from the Philippines, who is currently in Seoul. Hear about her personal projects, the challenges of being a planner, Minerva reflections, and the value in doing small things. Erin Paglione: Where are you now geographically, and what have you been doing since graduation? Florence Pauline Basubas: I am currently in Seoul. I haven’t been doing cool things like all of my other classmates, and that’s been really hard because after graduation, I felt like everyone was doing cool things or trying to do cool things. I was having full-blown anxiety that I might not be able to do cool things like my fellow classmates were doing after graduation. I initially planned to go to grad school, and I actually got into some grad schools, but when I was there, I realized that I wasn’t ready for it. My work style is usually for me to work really hard for a period of time, and then take a year off; just take a break to rejuvenate. And I realized I needed that. I went to grad school for about a week and then I was just back home with my family most of the time. There were a lot of personal things going on as well. I’ve been working as a consultant for some healthcare startups, and also on some of my personal projects. Two years ago while I was in Minerva, I started two science organizations, and I haven’t really been able to work on them while I was in Minerva. It’s been great, because I have been able to really do the things I want to do, like structuring the organization and finding donors and a board of advisors, and then within the year we’re also going to be registering them as official non-governmental organizations in the Philippines. I’m really excited about that. And because they’re mentoring organizations a lot of the kids back home are really excited as well. I’m supposed to be doing a gap year, relaxing, but I will probably be really busy. Right now I’m just enjoying the chill for a while. I’m working a little on those major projects, plus my consultant work and trying to rejuvenate myself, physically, emotionally, mentally, and psychologically after Minerva. EP: The projects you started, are you doing those by yourself, or do you have partners? FPB: The first one was a science mentoring organization to mentor high school students in their science projects, and also just to find a Filipino scientist as a mentor because when you’re a young kid, it’s nice to already have someone to guide you in a career path that you aspire to in the future. I thought about it, and then found some co-founders, who are working on it with me right now. And now it’s kind of nice because we are currently partnering with other science organizations in the Philippines. The second one is a Philippines chapter of an international astronomy organization that is based in India. I’m kind of partnering and also under the main organization in India. I’m supervising the work in the Philippines. The main thing for this organization is to organize an astronomy camp for kids and youth who are interested in astronomy because as a young kid I really loved astronomy. I wanted to be an astronaut, but there was nothing going on with that back home. And now, a lot of people are doing that. The main event in astronomy on my island is our Astro Space Camp, so everyone is very excited about it and happy. I think there’s really no way you could work alone in all of this. In everything there are definitely partners, co-founders, and people who are helping. EP: Are you planning to then go to grad school after this year? FPB: I am. I deferred from the school I went to, but over the gap year, I actually applied to other schools, because I am not sure whether the one I went to is the right fit for me. It’s again trying to find which is the right fit for you. And then there are also some programs in some companies that I’m really interested in so I also applied to those. Right now, it’s just waiting for results and seeing what comes up. And seeing, which one might I want to go to, or which one might fit in all of the other things I’m working on right now because as I shared, I’m working on personal projects that might become something huge in the next few months. I think I’m becoming more flexible. If you talked to me a year ago I probably would tell you exactly what I would be doing over the next few months. I used to be such a planner. But now I think I’m learning to be more flexible and open with opportunities and also to be able to, for example, work on some things that I’m really passionate about. Grad school is within sight. Something I learned recently is you can have a long term plan and a short term plan. And grad school is still within the long term plan, but I’m not sure if I’m really going into it this year. I’m definitely going within the next year or two. EP: What was one of the greatest learning experiences, highlights, or challenges that you’ve had in the past year and how has that shaped you? FPB: The biggest challenge was, as I shared earlier, I’m a huge planner to the point I actually planned for my capstone right from my first year. In my last meeting with my academic advisor, I remember I gave her a document with a list of capstone ideas because I wanted to talk to her about it. And then she said, “We haven’t even written what capstone will be about yet! You can keep that, those are great, but you don’t want to think about that now.” So I decided to map out my courses so that I’ll have enough time in my third and fourth year to work on my capstone because I really, really wanted to have a great capstone. Fast forward three years. I ended up realizing that sometimes, no matter how much you plan for things, the world is just too complex and there are tons of factors out of your control and things might not go the way you planned them and it’s okay. It’s not one straight path. There are probably multiple other paths that you could go through and they might be narrower, or more crooked than the one that you planned for but they will still get you somewhere, and they will get you to where you want to be as long as you just keep going. I ended up doing a capstone, that was not in the original list. Because I didn’t know much about my topic, I had to work really hard and I ended up not being able to plan what to do right after graduation. So I told myself I want to get OPT and find a job like everyone else does. But then other people are telling me, “you can still apply for grad school and go to grad school.” I was having this peer pressure and FOMO. I was juggling applying to jobs and applying to grad school. I kind of got both, but if you try to juggle two things you’re not really able to get the best out of both, because you’re dividing your attention and time instead of focusing on one and getting the best out of one. I didn’t even really know which grad school I wanted to go to so I was just applying randomly to all of these places. And then I realized that I had to drop it all and start over. And I had to be fine with that. I think that’s a really important lesson for me: it’s okay if plans don’t turn out the way you want them to. It’s okay to start over again. It’s okay to not be going through the exact path that you wanted to go through. It’s okay if plans don’t turn out the way you want them to. It’s okay to start over again. It’s okay to not be going through the exact path that you wanted to go through. EP: It’s interesting that you decided to go to Minerva then in the first place, in the first class. FPB: When I was graduating high school I had this document, with every single school I wanted to apply to and every single program at the schools I wanted to go to;I mapped out the years and then I ended up not going to any of them. I ended up going somewhere else. It probably didn’t even exist when I made that list. EP: Why did you decide to go to Minerva? FPB: A lot of people usually say that the thing that attracted to Minerva is the traveling, the seven cities. But for me, it was actually the concentration, the research analysis column. When I was graduating high school everyone would ask, “What would you like to study?” I would say, “Isn’t there anything like biochemiphysics?” because I wanted to focus on research. EP: Do you have a favorite memory from your time at Minerva? FPB: There are a lot of nice times. It’s so difficult to pick one. Maybe graduation is my favorite. I mean it was not exactly the best graduation in the world. And it was not what we expected it to be. I was telling people “I don’t really feel like I graduated.” The first time I felt like I graduated was when there was a school-wide announcement and apparently the M’19s weren’t receiving the email anymore. It was like “What? We’re not receiving any email from school anymore? We graduated!” That was the first time I felt like I graduated. Another favorite memory was when we were in Korea a little more than two years ago. I was working in a lab, and my lab seniors wanted to go hiking and if we reached 30 people there was going to be a discount. So I invited my classmates. And then it happened that my parents were also coming to Seoul to visit me. So, we ended up having my parents also joining the hike and some other Minerva classmates joining the hike and my lab seniors were also joining the hike. It was something that came up so spontaneously, but it was fun. One thing I really liked about that experience was that my parents got to meet Usman, my first friend from Minerva, who is a Muslim from Pakistan. He just messaged me, out of the blue, and I was actually in Singapore at that time because my dad really wanted me to go to school in Singapore and I was doing summer classes in a university there. I was getting really sad because I really wanted to go to Minerva but I was stuck in Singapore, then he became my first friend in Minerva. That summer we just felt so connected, like we were best friends already although we haven’t even met yet. During Ramadan, Muslims were supposed to be fasting, and I fasted with him. I come from a very conservative Christian family, but I said to my parents that “I have a Muslim friend and I’m fasting with him.” And my dad said, “What? You shouldn’t be friends with a Muslim. They’re terrorists.” In my country, Muslims are a minority, and there’s this availability bias because most of the people doing all these terrorist acts are Muslim. Unfortunately, at that time my parents had these hasty generalizations. But after meeting him on the hike, my parents said “Wow, that was your first friend? He’s so cool. We loved him.” For the first time in my life, I just felt really happy to be able to travel and grateful as well because I come from a small island in the Philippines and everyone stays on the island.I was in that close-minded community. I was there all my life. But now I’m going out; a lot of my family is becoming more open-minded as well because they travel to visit me. Now my younger siblings and my younger cousins as well are actually applying to study abroad, and some students in my school are also applying to study abroad. EP: Do you have any reflections on your time at Minerva? FPB: The first time someone wanted to talk to me about Minerva I couldn’t really remember what all of the terms are anymore. I memorized the HCs, but I forgot what LOs are. I had to think for about an hour to remember that there are actually LOs. And surprisingly, Minerva’s very popular here in Korea. So, I’ve had people recognizing me from the street for some reason. Two students actually approached me and asked if I was from Minerva, and I’ve had two heads of companies talk to me because they were interested in Minerva. And whenever they ask this question it’s very difficult for me to answer whether I like something or not because I will always say there are things that I like and that I don’t like. But if people ask me if I would go to Minerva again I would say I would because of the experience and, most importantly, the people that you meet in Minerva are just, so far, the best people in the world. A reflection that I have found, and some of my friends and classmates have found, is that in Minerva we are so burdened to be doing all of these great things to be world leaders and change-makers. But then it’s actually okay if you’re not that way. A motto I’ve had ever since my capstone is “big or small we can do something.” I have some friends who tell me that I am not a change-maker, leader type of person. And if we don’t want to be and we’re just happy doing things we are passionate about I think that is totally okay. We might not be making a huge impact in the world. But we are probably going to be making a small difference in whatever field we’re in. No matter how small that difference is, it’s still a difference. And that is so contradictory from what I’m used to because I’m a scientist so the difference should always be significant. A motto I’ve had ever since my capstone is “big or small we can do something.” I think that’s because it’s not easy for me to be confident. To most people, it seems like “you’re such a natural leader, you established these things, you organized events.” But it takes so much effort for me mentally and emotionally to prepare myself and to be confident to actually take lead, especially when I’m compelled to do so because usually either no one else is doing it or I’m just passionate about it. A lot of times I usually just do my own small things. Whenever I gave suggestions to SXP, for example, they usually asked me, “Don’t you want to do something bigger, something with more impact?” And I would always say “No, I just wanted to do this and share it with my classmates. Because it brings us joy. It brings joy to these people we are helping.” You don’t have to be doing big things. It’s kind of the norm now to be doing big things. We’re having all of these Forbes 30 under 30, whatever lists. Everything just becomes reduced to lists. But most people don’t actually make big achievements. You make so many small differences that add up to something bigger.
 This piece for Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features Sadie-Rae Werner, a Canadian from M’19, who is currently in her first year at the University of Windsor’s Law School. Hear about law school, Minerva reflections, solo-traveling, Capstone advice, the founding of the Quest, and being comfortable on your own. Isabel Brunkan: What have you been doing since graduation? Sadie-Rae Werner: I knew I was going to law school pretty well in advance. I’d gotten into about five law schools in the UK in November of my last year and then I got into Windsor in March. Over the summer I worked at a place called Nella Cutlery that sells industrial kitchen equipment, which was mostly just because you can’t work while you’re at law school. I started school the last week of August, and that’s been my full-time occupation. IB: Did you always know that you wanted to be a lawyer? SW: I should preface this by saying my dad was a lawyer, so growing up that was always a viable option and something that was very encouraged. I was studying economics at Minerva and I realized that I really wasn’t interested in finance and wasn’t particularly interested in doing a Master’s, but I knew I wanted to go on to more school. The nice thing about law school is that there’s a lot you can do with it, unlike a Master’s. So if I decide in two and a half years that I don’t want to be a lawyer there’s still a lot I can do with the degree. IB: What type of law do you think you’re going to head into? SW: At the moment I’m really interested in environmental law and specifically fisheries and oceans, and natural resource. IB: What has law school been like for you? SW: It’s an adjustment. First of all, being at a school that’s not Minerva is an adjustment, especially because I had no traditional university experience. For example, having classes that are in physical places, textbooks, and all that. For me, that goes well, and I fit in two and a half hour lectures every day. I make a real commitment now to being engaged in things. One of the nice things about law school is that unlike at Minerva, where all you have in common is that you’re traveling but beyond that, you’re all really pursuing different things, at law school, there’s no majoring. So you all have kind of a collective base interest which is really nice even if you get to second or third year and you’re all taking different classes. I definitely have moments where I question this because most Minervans did not go on to more school and there are no other Minervans in law school right now. Going to law school is three years of unbelievably intense school, more intense than Minerva. I think I spend about 12 hours a day on school right now. So you’re finishing Minerva, and then staring down basically four more years until you’re licensed to do what you think that you might want to do. That can be emotionally tough — looking at all of my classmates who for the most part are working and having lives and moving on. There are parts of that which can be difficult to put into perspective and that’s definitely been tough. At Minerva, you spend four years putting your life on hold because you’re so nomadic. I’m not planning to stay in Windsor after I graduate so that’s been in some ways really tough. I have to remind myself that I don’t need to put everything on hold because I’m not leaving in four months. I’m glad that I’ve made a real commitment to be involved in things here because I really enjoy the things I’m engaged in. IB: What do you think are some of the greatest learnings, highlights or challenges that you had in the past year? SW: I remember I was on the phone with my boyfriend when I was packing up to go home for the holidays after my last exam and I realized that I didn’t have to pack all of my stuff. It was the first time that I hadn’t had to move all of my stuff since my first year at Minerva. Being stationary is an adjustment and I think there were things that were challenging for everybody.  Coming back to Canada, people didn’t know what Minerva was, so that created some complications largely in applying to school. I was surprised at how hard it was to find a retail job. I felt like I’ve done this amazing thing, I’ve lived in all these countries, I had this degree, and then I couldn’t find a retail job. So that was definitely a good awakening to the world. IB: What has that adjustment been like to go from moving around to completely stationary? SW: In some ways, I really miss traveling. It’s not like when I was at Minerva, especially when we were in Europe, where it was very cheap to travel. I would go on day trips, or go places for the weekend because it was so cheap and I had the time to do that. I could take a weekend and not do homework but that’s just not my life anymore. In a lot of ways, though, I was really ready to be stationary. I got a lot of travel fatigue towards the end. So it’s been nice to be in one location and to feel like I’m grounded in one place. Even if I am going somewhere, I know I’m not nomadic, I can have stuff that I didn’t have before like dishes and plants. But I’ve had some moments where I just want to go somewhere. And it’s weird to not have that freedom of mobility anymore. IB: How do you feel about your time at Minerva? SW: I should preface this by saying that the Minerva experience of my first year is different than your first year. I think in retrospect, academically, Minerva was not a great fit for me. I’m very comfortable admitting that socially and academically it was not necessarily the right school. That said, I think that I got some great professors, like Professor Davis, Professor Fiorelli, and Professor Kukis, who I really, really benefited from. I think, for sure, without question, the traveling has massive takeaways so whatever my other feelings on Minerva and why it was or wasn’t a fit for me in other regards, I would say so much of my Minerva experience was shaped by living abroad and traveling while I was there. That’s the experience that I’ve been able to carry forward and translate to my life outside of Minerva. It translated to internships that I had while I was at Minerva and also to now. I’d love to pretend that I think about HCs all the time. But I really don’t. I may unconsciously, but I really don’t. IB: What about your favorite Minerva class? You talked a bit about some professors but is there a class in particular? SW: First, Professor Davis, don’t hate me because I love you, but Professor Fiorelli’s upper-year class [AH166], was far and away my favorite class at Minerva. First of all, Professor Fiorelli is amazing. She is amazing to have in class because you get to see all of her animals. All the assignments are practicums, so you get to create something and she was very open about what you could create. You could write, you could paint, you could write a song, and I loved that we had so much freedom in that class and the discussions were really rich. I felt like that was the class that I got so much out of. IB: You said that you applied those experiences in your internships. Can you talk about that? SW: My first summer after Minerva, I worked little side jobs. It’s very hard to get a job after your first year, you probably experienced this already. After your second year, it’s much easier to get a job because people are more interested in hiring you. After my second year, and again, after my third year, I was a reporter at home in St. John’s. It was a great experience as essentially someone who was not comfortable getting in there and talking to people and asking questions. I loved to write. I was one of the people who founded the Quest, so I was already interested in journalism but having that exposure to other parts of the world and to cultures translates really well into journalism because it gives you a broad range of things that you can relate to when people are talking. IB: What motivated you to found the Quest? SW: [The other Quest founders] Gabi, Louis, and I really felt that it was important for there to be student journalism at Minerva and for there to be a place for student voice that was not in any way regulated by staff, because, quite often, discussions are very much affected by the way that staff are involved, for better and for worse. I would say it took about three years to really get it up and running. When I was in my third year, the M’20s really stepped up and were part of it and wanted to be involved and that’s really when it took off. We were able to start writing things about, for example, the mental health services at Minerva. People wrote about our place as global citizens and what that means. I think that part of the vision is really being realized, that it’s a place for students to bring these issues forward. IB: To what level do you keep in touch with your Minervan classmates because everyone’s from so many different places? How is that? SW: I’m probably not the best person to ask about this. I wasn’t someone who was sad to graduate, I was really ready to move on, and not just ready to move on from Minerva but ready for some space in general. Now, I would like to be in touch with people more but I think I really did need that period of time where I wasn’t involved in Minerva, because it’s so all-encompassing, that I really needed that space from it. And now I’m sort of looking to get in touch with people again. IB: What was your favorite Minerva city? And why? SW: I loved London. London’s a very easy city because it’s English speaking. And I love the history and all that, so that was great for me. In Berlin, I found a great community of people. I was a dancer before Minerva and I found a great community of dancers and I felt like I was really happy and comfortable in the city. I’m really going to try and not say all of them! I liked India more than I was expecting to. I was very apprehensive about going. I would say it definitely had a lot of impact on me for good and for bad. I had a great time in Seoul, I think because it’s so safe. It’s SO safe, especially being female and having been in San Francisco and Argentina where you deal with a lot of catcalling and you don’t feel safe. I love that I felt so free to go places and not worry. I’m also a little biased towards Seoul because that’s where I met my boyfriend of two and a half years. I wasn’t a lover of San Francisco, I know people are, but I was not. I’d like to go back to Buenos Aires, I did not have a good experience there and I don’t think that was related to Minerva, so I’d like to go back and try again. IB: You mentioned that you just really enjoyed the traveling, what are some of your highlights, or a favorite memory? SW: A memory that really stands out to me is when I was in my second year, in Berlin. I, for the first time, completely independently booked a trip for myself with no assistance from anybody else. So I booked this trip. And it was a disaster. An unmitigated disaster. I went to Milan for the weekend and I almost got thrown out of the airport because we had a language issue and then I got to my hostel and I was supposed to be in a female room but I got put in a male room and they wouldn’t move me. So for three days, it was a disaster. But I had an amazing trip despite that, and I think that a big part of that, for me, was being able to recognize when I needed to ask for help. Like, “okay, it’s nine o’clock at night, it’s raining, I obviously can’t stay here” and being able to have the self-assurance to call my parents and say “I don’t know what to do.” I did a lot of solo traveling and, especially for female students, absolutely 100% take a trip by yourself. Because for me, that was really important in realizing that I am way less afraid of things than I thought I was way more comfortable crying in public than I thought I was. But also, I’m okay on my own. You learn about who you are as a person. And it’s a great way to just feel secure in the world and to be able to say that. I did some stupid trips. I went to Delhi by myself. In retrospect, and in the moment, that was stupid. But I took a solo trip to Dublin when I was in London, and that was really safe. And it was a really good way to just be able to say “yeah, I am comfortable in the world and being on my own and I can maneuver things and figure things out when I need to.” So I think that for me was really a foundational experience. Especially for female students, absolutely 100% take a trip by yourself IB: Is there anything that you would recommend to Minerva students? SW: Traveling is my number one. As somebody who never really found their footing socially at Minerva, if you are not feeling like this is necessarily the right fit, don’t be overly concerned with that. I had a great time in lots of parts of Minerva that didn’t have anything to do with like being at Friendsgiving, which I actually never went to. If that’s not where you feel like you’re getting benefits, it’s okay to step back from that and to say that your Minerva experience is traveling or it’s doing civic partnerships. Not fitting in at Minerva is not the be-all-end-all. I’m way more involved and way more social at law school than I ever was at Minerva and I don’t look back on my time at Minerva when I was on my own most of the time in a negative way. I think that that’s where I was in that period. And now I’m in a place where I’m having the experience people had at Minerva. I think I would definitely recommend trying to avoid that pressure to feel like you need to be involved if it’s not fitting. IB: What was your Capstone? SW: It’s a bit of a mouthful. My capstone, which was economics mostly and a little bit history, was predicting and assessing the possible impact of Brexit on inshore fishing in County Down, Northern Ireland. The unfortunate thing about writing about Brexit is that Brexit changed in massive ways about six times while I was writing. I recommend not doing actively changing political situations for Capstones. IB: How did you come up with the capstone or decide on that specifically? SW: My original Capstone proposal had actually been to look at the impact of media on benevolent activities like charitable donations. Unfortunately, it was very hard to find data for that. Then, while I was working as a reporter, I spoke to somebody who was working on a project with a grant from the European Economic Forum, from the University of Exeter, who was looking at how fishermen, specifically women and fisheries, were going to be impacted by Brexit. And she was comparing it with the 1992 cod moratorium in Newfoundland. I was really interested in fisheries and so I kind of readapted a little bit of what she was doing and got some feedback from her along the way to look at how this one very specific location was being impacted. And then also compare that to some of the mismanagement that happened in Newfoundland following the moratorium on cod fishing there. IB: Do you think it was easier or tougher for you because of the niche-ness of your Capstone? SW: In some ways it was easier because I knew what I was looking for. However, conversely, because I was very specific, it was sometimes hard to find sources. The nice thing about it, while I was working on it, there was so much available related to the fishing policies that were coming in. Northern Ireland’s government had very specific responses and were very much vocalizing their concerns about Brexit in relation to fishing. And then coming from Newfoundland and working at the newspaper, I had a big archive to get information on the moratorium. IB: Are there any words of advice you would have for people choosing their Capstone projects? SW: One of the really good things about Capstone is that you’re effectively working on it for about two years. I lost interest in my Capstone project. I think part of that was the frustration with Brexit changing, but pick something that you’re interested in and isn’t just related to like a Minerva topic that came up once in class that you think would fit well. Really pick something that you’re interested in, you can make pretty much anything fit with your major. I wouldn’t worry too much about whether or not it specifically conforms. I will also say, make sure that you’re hacking away at it a little bit every week and that you don’t all of a sudden have to spend one day trying to write like 50 pages of stuff. There were a lot of people who in the last hour were still editing. I had a bit of a reputation at Minerva for getting things done very early, and I just couldn’t imagine being in the last 10 minutes and still spell checking, so avoid that if you can. IB: Duly noted. Is there anything that you would tell like your first year self? SW: For sure to not be concerned with the ways that I didn’t feel like I was fitting in. I would also say to be really smart about who you’re friends with and finding people who are going to be good friends for you and positive influences in your life going forward. Also not being afraid to step out of friendships that are not positive for you just because you feel like you’re in a small community so you can’t stop hanging out with somebody. Because no one really cares. There are no repercussions. IB: Are there any last words you’d like to say or add? SW: Because I was so often not happy at Minerva, it is important to me that people are aware that there are other educational experiences and other communities that might be a better fit for you. Feeling like you’re not part of this Minerva community or that it doesn’t fit right for you is not a sign of anything at all. You could get to work or just go somewhere else and you’ll find something that’s a great fit. My classmates are amazing. And I do miss them. But I think it’s fair to acknowledge that now and for anybody who’s in that position to not be concerned by it.
 Around two decades ago, Ben Nelson spent the summer after his third year of college working in Singapore. Before he flew to Asia, Nelson thought he was pretty worldly — he was born in Israel, raised in the US, and had travelled around Europe. But, as he told Tanha Kate and me in an interview, he was surprised to find that he “learned more in three months in Singapore than in my previous three years at [the University of Pennsylvania] combined.”  Nelson returned to the US convinced his life-changing summer adapting to a radically different culture should be “the default” for college students. And, since he founded Minerva, “going around and spending [a semester] in various countries and figuring out how that works” has been the default for the approximately 600 enrolled students. While most students enrolled in Minerva precisely because they wanted travel to be their “default,” some have criticized the details of the global rotation model, questioning whether our fast-paced lifestyle actually produces the accelerated learning Nelson experienced while he lived in Singapore. I’m one of them — last year, I wrote about my own journey to realizing that travel isn’t beneficial by default and my decision to make a renewed effort to find value in the global rotation experience.  One of my personal inspirations for traveling well is Kate. During our past semester in Berlin, I watched her not just dive headfirst into the city’s cultural and political scene but also critically reflect on her engagement. After several long conversations exploring whether the global rotation delivers on its promises, and what those promises are exactly, we decided to interview Minerva staff members to learn more about their perspectives. We reached out to virtually every Minerva employee we could think of and interviewed everyone who responded to our emails. We ended up speaking to a range of people, from those who directly influence the global rotation, like Director of Student Experience Capri LaRocca, to others whose work focuses on different aspects of Minerva, including Chief Product Officer Jonathan Katzman and Director of Enrollment & Advising Reed Cooper.  What emerged was a multidimensional explanation of the global rotation that built on what we inherently knew as students and the article explaining the global rotation Nelson shared with Minerva students earlier this year. Over the coming weeks, we will publish at least three articles based on these interviews. The first focuses on the relationship between the global rotation and Minerva’s pedagogy. The second explains the logistical constraints on the Minerva model and how well it balances the number of cities visited with the depth of experience students have in each. The third examines the challenges created by the global rotation and how Minerva addresses them in its marketing to prospective students.  Our hope is that this series will spark a deeper, better-informed conversation about the global rotation within the Minerva community. Going forward, we plan to write more articles centered on student and faculty perspectives on the topic. If you want to share your own thoughts about the global rotation, please reach out to us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 I’ve never quite felt at home I have connections to a lot of places But none of them are home And over the last couple of months I still haven’t found home here And I don’t think I will But that’s okay because I’ve come to realize that home isn’t really a place   Home is in people Home is in midnight trips to Bob’s Donuts Home is in midnight karaoke sessions where you sing your heart out even though you know you’re completely tone-deaf Home is in trips to the beach where no one wears enough warm clothing and everyone huddles together Home is in venting to your roommates and knowing that they really care Home is in that warm feeling you get when one of your peers does something great That pride you feel because you know if it’s good for them in some way it’s good for you Home is in staying up till 4 am to watch a rugby final with a friend and not missing your family quite as much as if you watched it alone Home is in homesickness being softened by hugs and snacks and company Home is in finding people who support you in buying way too many books Home is in going outside of your comfort zone because you know someone else is going there with you Home is in the adrenaline pumping through you while you hold signs with your friends at a climate strike Home is in midnight kitchen conversations about life and love and mostly about food Home is in sharing tea Home is in laughing about your shared disasters Home is in being cranky about lost sleep but still not wanting to trade in the previous night for anything Home is in the spur of the moment decision to go out and have a wild, amazing time Home is in those slowing growing friendships, where before you know it, their presence makes you feel a tiny bit safer Home is in ice cream parties and carving pumpkins Home is in freezing movie nights Home is in not being afraid to show who you truly are Home is in sharing your clothes, your blanket, your cutlery, your notes Home is in always being down for a good conversation Home is in sitting with someone without talking and it not being awkward Just being together in a comfortable silence   Home is hard to define But that’s okay Because home is whatever makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside
 This piece, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a part of a new anonymous creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here!  I do not pretend to know what love is for thee For love is just love, it can never be explained So simple a word yet so complicated it seems to be An existent charm, thou would have gained It is always probably destiny To meet another soul in fate It makes you hope for nothing and be carefree By the virtue of compromising faith So if thou love, may it be for naught A jest, a frolic, the looks nor simply to obey For thine own pity or just a trick of thought But something, to God, thou must pray Then love for love’s sake alone, forevermore If thou must love, let it be with a heart therefore
 The Quest published over 80 articles, podcasts, vlogs, and satirical pieces during 2019 — more than one per week! Below are some of our management team’s favorites, as well as a few highlighted by you, our audience.  Don’t see your favorite article on this list? You can still show your love by commenting on this piece or reaching out to the author directly. Thank you your continued support, and happy new year from all of us at Quest! Amelia Kroner: The Athiest Christian, written by an anonymous Minerva student, is a fascinating look into one person’s spiritual journey. Not being religious myself – and not talking about religion that often with people who are – it was eye-opening to learn more about the role of religion and spirituality in a fellow classmate’s life.  Anh Duc Chu: Have You Ever Felt Lonely? by Li-Lian Ang can be construed as a chronicle of something known both as an emotion and an epidemic: loneliness. Full of emotions and relatability, this piece has the power to speak to each of us. Emma Stiefel: Broke, Different, and Never Heard by Rebecca Mqamelo is a brilliant piece that encouraged a community-wide conversation about building a school that is truly welcoming to everyone, regardless of how privileged or wealthy they are. Erin Paglione: Episode 4 of Klara Eriksson’s Coming and Going podcast series, Whose Home? (ft. Anda) is a beautifully written and recorded piece that deals with topics of race and what it means to call a place “home.” Jatin Kansal: I Want to Visit Your Flower Shop by Chris Hagan. I think all of us have had that moment of self-discovery where we think about our future and all the restrictions imposed on us due to our family or financial situation, but in the end, we still find ourselves under that fig tree and wondering how to deal with all the obligations. This piece puts all these complicated emotions and thoughts into words and does so brilliantly.  Aspen Pflughoeft: The Coming and Going podcast series by Klara Eriksson. I had never listened to podcasts until this one, but when I listen to this podcast, I hear my own questions about the complexity of “home” reflected back to me and I know both that I’m not alone and that there is hope for finding my place even when life gets complicated Audience Picks: Minerva student Giovanna Chaves loved the Faces of the Streets series. Fellow student Sho Hihara highlighted two satirical pieces, New UN General Assembly Composed Of 90 Percent Minerva Alum, Scandal Ensues and A Minervan Descent Into Madness: Everything Is Intentional.
 Tell someone you’re part of the extraordinary one-point-whatever percent of students accepted into one of the world’s most selective undergraduate programs — they roll their eyes. Say that you take classes on an active, science-of-learning-informed video platform called the ALF (no, wait, “Forum”) — they raise their eyebrows. But when you tell someone that you’ll study in seven global cities — their jaw drops. Minerva drew in many of us students with this dazzling globe-trotting promise. We lead with it when explaining our totally-not-a-cult school to skeptical outsiders. We base our Instagram personas on it. We’ll tell our grandchildren about it — “when I was your age, I was a digital nomad!” — assuming they aren’t drowned by the cumulative effects of all those jet-setting emissions. The global rotation is what makes us cool and, often, what forms the basis of our identity as Minerva students. Implicit in all this hype is the assumption that travel is good, inherently and uniquely so. It might be expensive and stressful, but, in the end, it’s worth it, for us and the world.  But what if we all just… stayed home? Or, at least, didn’t cross an ocean every four months? Imagine a Minerva with the same brilliant and, dare I say, extraordinary, students, the same curriculum, the same weird rituals, the same everything, but stationary. If the gears grinding us through the global rotation stopped, what would we actually lose — besides the flag emojis on our Tinder profiles? I used to think I was, dear reader, but I started to question the value of travel after a particularly disheartening semester in Hyderabad. Like many of my peers, I was constantly exhausted from taking four classes (yes, the academic team tries to limit us to three for a reason) and desperately sending internship applications into the void. I was frustrated by the difficulties of traveling anywhere in Hyderabad, which seemed especially hard after my spoiled existence in Seoul, where transit was as relaxing as the subway song and I never wondered if it was too late to walk home from Itaewon. Ultimately, despite some feeble attempts to visit the old city, my experience of Hyderabad collapsed into a sparse constellation of Wi-Fi hotspots. My memories star white-washed walls: the modern interior of the Sentido cafe, the stylishly Swedish Ikea dining hall, and the soul-sucking hollowness of my apartment. The Ikea 10 minutes away from my home in Ohio doesn’t sell veg biryani, but beyond these superficial details, most of my days in India might as well have been spent in the U.S. suburbs.  I knew there was so much more to the city than my experience in the Minerva bubble, but I almost never caught a glimpse of it. In the end, my four months in Hyderabad left me with the suspicion that, despite all my faith in it, travel isn’t always good. Maybe it could even be bad.  In terms of pure utility, it certainly can be. The cost of travel is almost always guaranteed to be steep. Plane tickets are expensive. Moving is stressful and time-consuming. Jet fuel and piles of discarded housewares destroy the environment. The first four months in a new destination means losing the deeper connections that would have come from lingering in the old place for months five, six, seven, eight, or even beyond.  In exchange, we often expect travel to benefit us by default. We expect to learn something, to open our minds, to become better people, just because we are in a new place. But I’m no longer convinced the sum of these benefits automatically outweighs the multidimensional price of moving so much. Sometimes, I even think travel can negatively warp our world-view.  Let me explain: before living in Seoul and Hyderabad, my impression of these places was mostly neutral, based only on the news that had trickled into the U.S. media and a handful of Korean and Bollywood movies. After living in each city, however, my personal experiences overrode my feelings toward it, even if those experiences had almost nothing to do with the place itself.  It is not a good thing when I, especially if I imagine myself as a “global leader,” come to associate Hyderabad with dysfunction and persistent anxiety. It is not a good thing when I, especially if I imagine myself as a “global leader,” come to associate Hyderabad with dysfunction and persistent anxiety — it’s even worse if I generalize this impression to all of India. It is no less distortive when I look back on Seoul with rose-tinted nostalgia, allowing cute cafes and the dazzle of Hallyu to dominate my memories.  Obviously, I can’t ask myself to have a completely fair emotional experience in every place I visit — I’m not even sure what that would mean. There are always going to be better semesters and worse semesters, and sometimes they correlate with cities. The problem is when we conflate our experience of a place with the place itself, when “I had a great time in Seoul” becomes “Seoul is great” or “I felt awful in Hyderabad” becomes “Hyderabad is awful.”  Sure, I left Hyderabad with a newfound love of biryani, kulfi, flowy skirts, elaborately patterned scarves, and a handful of catchy Bollywood songs. These things make me happy, and while they’re all available in my U.S. home, I probably wouldn’t have discovered them if I hadn’t lived in India. But these sorts of benefits from traveling are, ultimately, just superficial. Unfortunately, I can’t equate opening my mouth to spicy food with opening my mind to the worldview of those who cook it.  The method of travel I came into Minerva with was entirely centered around consumption: taking photos, eating food, buying souvenirs, collecting exotic-seeming details. I went in knowing what I should get out of a trip and tailored my itinerary to meet those expectations. Too often, the experience became about purchasing a place, a boring, binary exchange, rather than embracing the complexities of truly immersing in it.   This approach to travel, which has made my Minerva semesters more like long-term tourism than short-term residency, doesn’t have to be especially problematic. It’s often just fun, albeit fun at a pretty high price. And for some people, the thrill of walking through Charminar or climbing to the top of Namsan Tower is worth all the money, stress, time, and energy it took to get there.  After two semesters abroad, however, I no longer count myself among them. My consumption-based method of travel has been replaced by one centered around existential crises. Instead of showing up in a new country and asking, “What can I get here?” I stumble off the plane, jet-lagged, and think, “What is the point?”  I’m not saying that I haven’t experienced the type of perspective-changing revelations we global citizens value so much. Indeed, I’ve thoroughly interrogated all of my assumptions and feel like I’ve opened my mind so much that I suspect some of my brains spilled out (if you’ve been paying attention, I’m sure you’d agree).  But, while all of these transformative experiences required me to leave my comfort zone, I often didn’t need a passport or plane ticket to make that trip. One of my first life-changing realizations happened just 10 minutes from my house, in a 24-hour diner I’d been driving past my entire life, at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting I visited as a journalist. Interviewing people  rebuilding lives demolished by heroin addiction eliminated many of my naive beliefs – like that the U.S. criminal justice system is completely fair or that doctors never write prescriptions that could harm a patient.  Another occasion was more recent, and does actually involve another country — I watched a Bollywood film centered around toilets. I can barely recall the romantic plot, but a key component was a village’s resistance to installing bathrooms near their homes. As the older characters explained, they thought doing so was dirty: surely anyone would rather defecate in a field, far from where they cook and eat, than at home. The movie argues against this perspective but presented the anti-toilet view such that it made sense to me. I now understood the (pretty valid, actually) logic behind why someone would prefer to poop outside, something I would have written off as a tolerable but inexplicable cultural difference before. While all of these transformative experiences required me to leave my comfort zone, I often didn’t need a passport or plane ticket to make that trip.  And, yes, I have had moments of learning that did occur during, and arguably because of, travel. Before this semester, I spent a few days with an extended family who ran an organic farm in Northern France. Despite a language barrier that prevented substantive conversation (the owners even had to pantomime fieldwork instructions), I absorbed a lot of their relaxed ethos regarding work, food, and family. I spent the next week experiencing a very different version of France while staying in an Airbnb on the outskirts of Paris. The French-Moroccan owner ultimately invited me to her son’s wedding, an epic culmination to a visit that helped me learn about parts of the city that rarely make it into the typical white-washed tours of Paris. Note, however, that both of these trips took place outside of Minerva, during a precious period when I could make travel the sole focus of my life. During the semester, I’ve tried to replicate this with SXP events and civic projects, but so far scheduling, flaky teams, and the competing priorities of survival and passing classes have kept me from having a good Minerva-sponsored immersion experience.  I thought about it. There’s a much more pessimistic version of this story that ends with the piping hot take that travel, at least the Minerva version, is nothing more than a marketing gimmick — the smart kid’s version of party campuses and sports teams. If you talk to me on the wrong day (or the wrong semester — sorry Hyderabad), I’m sure I will be very happy to break this argument down for you in further detail.  But I can’t bring myself to write that conclusion. I have enough residual hope to keep myself from giving up. The way I’ve been traveling is dissatisfying, but I don’t think visiting new places is inherently meaningless (or at least no more inherently meaningless than all of existence). The goals I want to reach through travel — learning from other cultures, developing a more empathetic worldview — are important and possible, just not as easily achieved as Minerva’s marketing and the popular myths of wanderlust suggest.  With that in mind, I’ve decided I’d rather use my last three rotation cities to try to “travel better,” by both figuring out what that means for me and developing ways to actually do it. While I’m sure I will travel more later in life, I doubt that I will ever again move as frequently and as far as we do in Minerva. If I’m being bounced around the globe anyway, I might as well try to learn the most I can from it.  So I want this article to be a public challenge to myself, and you, if you saw yourself in my experiences, to ask more questions about the way we travel and test out solutions to them. Should I commit myself to a civic project? Forego Minerva programming and search for community on my own? Relentlessly troll Tinder until I develop a robust network of local, um… contacts? Explore the city with Minerva friends for more fun and safety, or go solo to force myself to make new connections? And where do I draw the line between all this and making sure that I’m eating vegetables, sleeping a bit, not failing all my classes, applying for internships, and not becoming completely overwhelmed and depressed? This article doesn’t have solutions, but you might! A forthcoming piece I’m working on with Tanha Kate will collect stories of “good cultural immersion” in an attempt to answer some of the questions posed here. If you want to share your experience, reach out to either of us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 In case you ever think that biology is simple, easy, or well understood, take a quick look at a 959 cell organism called C. elegans. It’s a small nematode (a worm) that usually lives in soils and rotting vegetables and it’s a fantastic model organism, meaning we can study it easily to learn about our own biology. You would think that an animal with less than 1000 cells that has been researched for over 50 years would be reasonably well understood. This is true compared to other animals, but our understanding is not nearly complete. To start, here are some cool things we do know about C. elegans: The reason C. elegans has been the subject of so much research is not just that scientists think worms are cool (although they do think worms are cool). They are an excellent model organism for several reasons. First, all the reasons my mom wanted me to have a pet fish instead of a dog: C. elegans are small, and we can fit a lot of them in a limited area. They eat bacteria, which are also small and easy to grow. They have short generation times and produce many offspring.  But unlike fish, most C. elegans are hermaphrodites: they can self-fertilize and produce a whole population of little wormies from a single organism. But it’s just a worm, so how can we use it to study human biology?  I’m glad you asked.  C. elegans are animals and have a lot of the same biological systems that we do including a simple nervous system, muscles, digestive system, and excretory system (for getting rid of waste). I first learned about C. elegans last fall when I interned at a lab at Hanyang University.  What made me excited enough to write a whole Quest article about these worms as model organisms is that they’re just COOL. They are very tolerant of environmental variations like temperature. They can even be frozen to pause their life cycle without killing them (I can’t be frozen, I’m cold in Berlin when it rains). They will eat most kinds of bacteria and grow on almost any surface like agarose gel, soil, liquid, or even plastic. You can poke them, squish them, shake them, and they remain relatively unaffected. You can even pick them up from one plate and transfer them to another and they will continue happily living their life. You can see them through a light microscope and watch them wiggle around, eat, lay eggs, and interact with other individuals. They are also easy to manipulate genetically. It’s usually very tough to manipulate gene expression in organisms — opening a glass jar with oily hands tough. Gene expression controls most of organismal development and response to the environment. Usually, to examine a gene you have to mutate it, which is often inefficient and ineffective. But C. elegans researchers can use RNA interference (RNAi) to effectively silence genes just by feeding certain bacteria to the worms. That would be like if eating genetically modified tomatoes turned off one of your genes (though let’s be clear, RNAi is not that simple in humans, and genetically modified tomatoes do not mess with your genes). Here’s the positive feedback loop of research: we know a lot about C. elegans, so it is easier to learn more. Now that we understand more, it’s easier to keep learning. Flash forward: we know a lot about a pretty random little nematode that doesn’t have a real impact on us, our food, or our environment. But people still spend their entire careers studying them. This worm was even the subject of a Nobel Prize in 2002. If all this worm talk is creeping you out, don’t worry; C. elegans are benign to humans. In fact, they can’t even grow at body temperature so they can’t live on or in you (unlike bacteria, my other favorite tiny life form to talk about *rubs hands together*). But know that a lot of what we understand about your genes came from studying C. elegans. NS144: Genetic Blueprint to Organism had a “Next Top Model (Organism)” costume contest.  This group dressed up as a mutant worm called “bag of worms.”  These worms cannot lay eggs but can still self-fertilize inside the hermaphrodite parent. This leads to the baby worms hatching inside the adult and then eating their way out. The balloons in this group’s costume represent baby worms coming out of their mother.
 Meet Walter. His full name was probably Walter Scott Kennedy Rutherford, but sometimes he went by Walter Scott Rutherford, and often his middle names were collapsed to S or S.K.  The picture above shows Walter in 1921, when he was 43. I’m introducing you to Walter, however, because I believe that when he was 21 he was an enumerator for the 1900 Census. On the census sheets he filled out, he recorded his name as Walter S.K. Rutherford — at least, that’s my interpretation of the cursive script below.  The same census Walter helped conduct, however, includes no legible record of a Walter S.K. Rutherford in the Bay Area. But there were two Walter S. Rutherfords: a 21-year-old medical student living with his family and their cook in a home they owned in Oakland, and a 60-year-old carpenter who lived in a rented home. This essay will assume that the well-off young medical student is the census enumerator, because he would more likely have the skills to secure the job. This guess was reinforced by multiple references to “Walter Scott Kennedy Rutherford” in documents from the nearby University of California. “Walter Scott Kennedy Rutherford” in a University of California catalogue.  “Walter S.K. Rutherford” in a Zeta Psi Directory. My struggle to identify the Walter S.K. Rutherford who helped conduct the 1900 Census introduces both the man himself and the historical question this essay explores: how do human interactions and experiences shape data collection? Every time Walter’s name was recorded, a choice was made about how he would be encoded into history, decisions that determined how difficult it is to connect each instance of his name to Walter himself. These are the same choices Walter himself made as a census enumerator. This essay uses primary sources and spatial analysis to explore the context in which Walter translated the people of San Francisco Enumeration District 33 into rows on a census sheet. The top of a census sheet for San Francisco Enumeration District 33. Each census sheet provides a hint of this context in the metadata section at the top, where enumerators specified the district they were working in, their own name, and the date they filled out the sheet. Though not especially revelatory, this information provides details about the context of data collection that are obscured in many contemporary spreadsheets. I used the dates and addresses on Walter’s census sheets to create the map and animated map below, which traces a rough approximation of his path through the neighborhood as he conducted the census.  The blue dots approximate the addresses Walter visited while enumerating this neighborhood. Please watch the video, which displays the day each address was visited and the order they were recorded in — disregard the hour part of the time display, which is a very rough approximation used for sequencing the points. The data used were manually transcribed from the census sheets and are linked to here. The animated map can give an impression of the complexities of collecting census data and what the physical experience might have been like, especially if paired with a close examination of the 1905 Sanborn Insurance Map behind it. He moved relatively quickly through the flats on Stevenson and Jamie Streets, for example, but seemed to spend more time returning to Market Street, which contained more businesses with lodgings above them. While Walter mostly moved through buildings one by one, he would occasionally double back to revisit an address. He apparently finished the majority of his data collection on June 9th, but revisited 1015 Market Street on June 13th, a few days before his June 15 deadline.  Part of the code used to approximate coordinates for historical addresses. All of my code can be found here. But the map can’t reflect the actual route Walter took through these blocks, and each point is only a rough approximation of the historical address — though with enough time and unpaid student labor, an accurate geocoding of the 1900 addresses could surely be achieved. Furthermore, the specific times are definitely distorted. A slightly improved version could have scaled the amount of time spent at each address by the number of entries recorded there — some buildings contained many people, and presumably would have taken longer to enumerate. The actual amount of time spent in a household, however, is unknowable. Maybe Walter would have been slowed down by a language barrier while interviewing recent immigrants or struggled to win over a couple hostile to a 21-year-old knocking on their door to ask how long they had been married.   The instructions provided to census enumerators in 1900 fill in some of these qualitative details, if we assume that Walter followed them. He was given a badge that identified him as a census enumerator and advised to “not lose time (and money)” by loitering while he counted, so we might assume that he moved quickly. The hours displayed on the map, while a horrible indication of when Walter was at an address, do roughly reflect the average amount of time he would have spent at each address if he obeyed the Census Bureau’s recommended 10-hour workday (once more, however, remember that addresses varied widely in how many individuals they contained).  Ultimately, this investigation could serve as an entry point into a larger analysis of the human experiences behind the 1900 Census data and the social factors that shaped them. It raises several questions that could be productively answered with more time and data: How many enumerators live far from their enumeration districts (Walter was from Oakland, not San Francisco)? How many were, like Walter, wealthy and well-educated? Were interactions always as efficient as the Census Bureau hoped, or were hostility or idle small talk common? Answering these questions would illuminate the social factors that shaped the interactions between census enumerators and respondents, which could in turn influence the data collected. Such insights would help us understand the biases built into historical data and how historical research that builds on these sources might account for them.  1900 United States Census, Enumeration District 33, San Francisco, San Francisco County, California, digital image, Ancestry.com.   “U.S., Applications for Seaman’s Protection Certificates, 1916-1940,” s.v. “Walter S. Rutherford” (Born 22 Nov. 1877), Ancestry.com. 1900 United States Census, Enumeration District 369, Oakland City, Alameda County, California, digital image s.v. “Rutherford, Walter S,” Ancestry.com.   1900 United States Census, Enumeration District 62, Sausalito Town, Marin County, California, digital image s.v. “Rutherford, Walter S,” Ancestry.com.   “U.S., School Catalogs, 1765-1935,” s.v. “Walter Scott Kennedy Rutherford” (Residence Place: Oakland, Cal.), Ancestry.com. “U.S., School Catalogs, 1765-1935,” s.v. “Walter S K Rutherford” (Residence Place: Bacon Block, Oakland, Cal.), Ancestry.com. N.a. (1900). “Instructions to Enumerators.” Department of the Interior, Census Office. Retrieved from: https://www.census.gov/history/pdf/1900instructions.pdf
 Nuhamin Solomon (M’20) interviewed members of the Coaching and Development Team for this article on searching for jobs and internships in the age of COVID-19. The economic slowdown has led companies to rethink hiring such as deferring job start dates, maintaining job offers but no longer making the positions paid, or flat out retracting those offers. Others want to honor an offer but are unsure about the logistics of the position, such as whether the role will be remote or not or if the job description will change.  These changes present challenges to graduates looking for jobs. “Now, not only do you have to continue to craft the best story that you can about yourself and what you’re bringing to the employer, [but] you also have to deal with employers who are uncertain about their own situations,” says Rachel Kim, the Interim Global Director of Coaching and Talent Development team and a Coach in the Minerva Project since February 2019.  So how should students approach the job searching process? The Coaching and Talent Development (CDT) Team in Minerva Schools shares some tips: Despite the new obstacles of applying for companies and limitations on the roles available for students and recent graduates, companies will likely not halt hiring completely. “There is still a need for support,” says Neha Chaudhary, Minerva’s CDT Lead in the UK, who joined Minerva Project in August 2019. “Junior talent is always going to be a big part of any company’s infrastructure.” But there will be adjustments on how much new hires are paid and when the companies will be able to train new recruits. Chaudhary added: “Students are going to have to be a little bit more proactive about how they can still offer support at this time. And perhaps that shifts the focus of an internship or job that they had landed [from what it] would have originally been.” The Trends: Industries that Students should Keep an Eye Out For “There are a lot of unknowns with regards to hiring and budgets in organizations of all kinds,” says Dan Curme, Manager of Student Professional Success in Minerva Schools of nearly three years.  However, some conjectures can be made given the nature of the economic crisis. Chaudhary says sectors providing services society still demands, such as delivery companies and online conferencing, will continue to increase hiring. “Any roles that are associated with that are gonna be needed in an even fuller force – whether it be marketing, sales, tech, fundraising, client relations. Whatever it is, looking at those sectors [is] going to be quite key, cause they [will] be needed for the next few months at least,” says Chaudhary. An article from Investopedia predicts the Health, Biotech, and Teleconferencing industries will remain strong.  Researching Companies and Roles Independent research is always a crucial first step in job searching. But, assessing a firm’s goals and challenges will become even more important now as companies must make a lot of strategic operations decisions. “Understand who you’re approaching and who are their key competitors. And know how they’re navigating their landscape,” says Chaudhary.  The size of the firm, number of employees, and company resources can easily be found on the company’s website. Chaudhary also suggests reading company blogs and publications to learn what the company was doing before the crisis. What were their key focuses for this year, and what are the gaps in attaining this goal, either due to the pandemic or other factors? This information can help students understand where the firm needs support what skills and previous experiences they have are relevant, and better articulate the value they can bring to achieve those goals.  Standing Out: Identifying Opportunities to Provide Value Reaching out to employees of the company to better understand the desired skill sets and knowledge can help students highlight them when applying for jobs. Even if those may be highly technical or in industries where students have little background, there is usually room to get creative.  “So no matter what your background is, there is probably a role where you could add value,” says Kim.  Students can tie personal strengths to roles that exist or even propose roles that don’t exist but could add value if they did. For example, an applicant may be familiar with the customer demographic that the company is targeting. This person can then pitch their experiences interacting with such customers and highlight how it could be valuable for the company. Knowing the values of the organization is also essential. Companies usually present their values on their website, and students should align their previous experiences with those principles. “If a company has said that they really value innovation, you don’t necessarily have had to invent an app before. But have you ever thought about something creatively and solved a problem in a creative manner before?” says Chaudhary.  If students do not have technical background or experience, they can still gain more knowledge about the field by immersing themselves in the right communities and doing independent research. Students can reach out to classmates with those skill sets and follow blogs and podcasts to familiarize themselves with a field.  Taking online courses can show companies that the student is already working on relevant skills. Since the pandemic, several universities have released their online courses for free. Here are some of those online resources: Networks: Reaching Out and Engaging When it comes to connecting with professional networks, Curme says that it’s not the time to be transactional. He recommends students be genuinely empathetic when reaching out to people and take an interest in others’ well-being in such an unprecedented time. “People are looking for help right now. A general rule for networking is not how can someone help me but how can I help someone else.”  Before offering help, Kim suggests having “exploratory conversations” to be aware of opportunities that may come up and prepare for them. Because people are working from home now, they may have more time to connect with others. She especially suggests contacting people who are publicly stating their willingness to help out on social media and people who graduated during the 2008/9 recession that can relate to the situation students are in. Reaching out to staff and faculty in the schools and looking into the networks of previous organizations, schools, or communities can also help. Students can also use Eventbrite  to find online networking opportunities. OPT – A note to international students  For iinternational students who will graduate at the end of May, there will be additional obstacles to overcome.  OPT processing times have been slowing down for the last couple of years beyond the recommended 90 days. Curme acknowledges that the limited time of OPT tends to make students less attractive than applicants who have longer-term work authorization or US citizenship. The time lag adds to that problem. Marianna Panossi, the Director of Global Student Services at Minerva Schools, states students should be transparent with their prospective employers regarding their immigration status and provide their requested OPT start dates. If possible, students can use their OPT benefits for unpaid internships in the relevant fields. However, for students with financial constraints that will not allow them to work without pay, Panossi stresses the importance of “aggressive” job searching and being flexible on location preferences.  International students on OPT are required to complete their training in the U.S. So students that left the U.S., either due to the pandemic or travel restrictions, can only enter with their Employment Authorization Document (EAD), a valid F-1 US visa, and an employment offer letter. If a student already started working remotely for the U.S. employer, they might need to answer some questions about their remote work and the reason their employer requires their physical presence.  Mindset: Slow and Steady As times get tougher, students should not give up. As Chaudhary puts it, “In the future when all of this is behind us, there’s always going to be that ask of, ‘So what’s your 2020 story?’” She encourages students to make that story worthwhile by working on the projects that matter to them. Taking it one day at a time and setting realistic expectations about what one can accomplish goes a long way. The job search is about incremental progress, so arranging a regular time to work on a few tasks a day is essential.
 Check out vlogs from Minerva’s second graduating class, M’20, in the playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Check out vlogs from Minerva’s first graduating class ever, M’19, in the playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog! 
 Check out vlogs from Minerva’s 2021 graduating class in the playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their First year (and fourth year students in Manifest) in San Francisco by watching the YouTube playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their second year in Seoul by watching the YouTube playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their fourth year in Taipei by watching the YouTube playlist below! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their fourth year in London by watching the YouTube playlist below. Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their third year in Buenos Aires by watching the YouTube playlist below. Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog! 
 Join Minerva Students in their third year in Berlin by watching the YouTube playlist below. Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Join Minerva Students in their second year in Hyderabad by watching the YouTube playlist below. Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Check out the vlogs from the school year of 2017/2018 – the very beginning of the vlogs! Remember to subscribe to The Minerva Quest on YouTube and like the Minerva Quest Cross Class Vlogs on Facebook to never miss a vlog!  
 Cristi Dragan (M’21), Thao Chi Vu (M’21), and their friend Tushar Advani started the When It’s Over project at the end of March to inspire people to get excited for all they will be able to do again once coronavirus lockdowns end. When It’s Over now has over 13,000 followers on Instagram and has partnered with several organizations including Untold Festival, the largest music festival in Romania, Dragan’s home country. Dragan’s original idea was a website for people to submit their hopes and dreams that would then be displayed as a “dream cloud.”  He explained that the team decided to pivot because “we have no idea how to make websites and Wix doesn’t do that shit. So, Chi came up with the idea of using Instagram.” The project showcases the little things that are not possible anymore because of the lockdown. The team takes submissions from followers and posts some of their own messages. For Dragan, “the revelation of the quarantine is that we miss the small things. I’m not thinking nonstop about the fact that I want a career in whatever field. I just want to walk on the street. I want to see my mom. […] It’s super day-to-day things we had no idea we [would] ever miss or that they would be taken away from us.” Vu is the designer of the bright, colorful, and simple Instagram posts. She explained: “We really wanted it to be uplifting […] and we also wanted it to be really simple in terms of design so that the focus is on the message and not on the imagery.” The simplicity also helps the team create and publish posts quickly.    As the community organizer of the team, Advani fosters engagement with Instagram stories, responds to messages, and creates opportunities for conversations with their followers.  “It’s not just sharing our posts,” Vu said. “We talk to [our followers] and they share their stories and tell us things that we probably would never know about their lives.” Vu said that these connections are the most rewarding parts of the project for her. Vu and Dragan ran a session at the virtual Global Continuum at the end of April where they got to talk with professors, staff, and students about their hopes for when the lockdowns end.  This experience reminded them that faculty and staff are going through this difficult time as well and are also looking forward to meeting new nieces and nephews, going to favorite restaurants, and spending time with friends and loved ones. The most surprising part for Advani was the number of people who they have reached: “In eight days we went from our friends and family to 10,000 followers, which was a big thing for all of us.” The founders have been using their platform to feature other artists and social impact pages. They have a weekly Instagram story segment where they share accounts to follow, including several current and former Minerva students. As Dragan put it, “We’re not in it for the fame. We want to use this platform to help the people around us as well.” When It’s Over has partnered with Untold Festival, Erasmus, and other organizations to make custom When It’s Over templates.  They are also looking for partnerships to raise money for donations to charitable organizations and recently launched a merchandise page to support the Minerva student solidarity fund. Although the project focuses on the lockdown, the founders see a future for it once life returns to normal. They still want to be a source of hope and positivity, encourage people to try new things, promote activism and volunteering, and help people remember this difficult time. The team encourages people to reach out to the When It’s Over Instagram account if they have an idea for a partnership or want to be featured on When It’s Over’s Instagram stories.
 As part of a series on the Counseling And Psychological Services (CAPS) team at Minerva, below are short overviews of how CAPS operates and is used by students in the classes of 2022 and 2023 – written by Aspen Pflughoeft and Kalu Dawson Daniel respectively. Check out parts one, two, and three to learn more about CAPS – how it’s changed over the years and between classes! Almost all of the 150 students in the class of 2022 studied in Seoul during the Fall 2019 semester. The Seoul CAPS team, directly hired by Minerva, included two local professionals. The CAPS team did not limit the number of sessions a student could have, though they recommended students not exceed once a week.  The Quest interviewed two M’22 students, who requested to remain anonymous because of the sensitive nature of discussing mental health. Both students said the Seoul CAPS team typically responded within a day. Both described difficulty connecting on a personal level to the counsellors, saying CAPS felt like “just an email” to them even after the short introduction during elevation. The students equated their CAPS experience in Seoul to “going to the gym because it’s a habit,” not because they saw large personal growth like they experienced with CAPS in San Francisco. Neither could pinpoint why this was, suggesting that transitioning counselors or shortened duration of counselling may have contributed to this feeling.  During interviews with these students, both cited the convenience of having the Seoul CAPS office in the residence hall. However, they expressed concern about the centrality of the office potentially dissuading hesitant individuals from coming to CAPS. According to M’21 students, the Seoul CAPS offices used to be located about a 30 minute walk from the res hall. When asked about the criteria for deciding CAPS office location, Dr. Hung reported three main criteria: student feedback, accessibility, & cost. The residence hall often fits these criteria. In response to the concern of the office being in the same building, Hung reports that “we have not seen counseling usage drop significantly in the cities where we are in the res halls.” There are currently 165 students in the class of 2023 with three counselors in San Francisco led by I Ching Grace Hung Ph.D. and Fabrizia Sacerdoti, senior Managers of CAPS for USA and Asia, respectively. I interviewed five students in the class of 2023 about their experience with CAPS. When it comes to scheduling, students interviewed said it was easy, straightforward, and fast. One student we interviewed, who wants to remain anonymous, said it took her less than 5 minutes to schedule an appointment successfully. Another student, Meliane, from the class of 2023, said, “when I completed the form, I was asked to meet immediately.”  To schedule an appointment, CAPS directs students to send an email to [email protected] Besides, students have the option to include their preferred counselor (though not guaranteed). Helen, from the class of 2023  who participated in the interview, said: “I love them so much.” Another student who will remain anonymous focused on the impact of the service and described her experience as “a place to talk about your weaknesses; it helps me a lot.” she added. One final student from the class of 2023, we interviewed who also wants to remain anonymous, described how the CAPS listens without interruption. She added, “I enjoy every moment of it” and “will probably continue every week.”
 Modern climate change is consistently in the news and on the minds of scientists, policy-makers, and everyday people because of its threatening global impacts. But this is not the first time the earth has experienced abrupt climatic change. The Younger Dryas (YD) period, occurring around 12,800 years ago, is a recent (geologically speaking) example of a time of extreme cooling in the northern hemisphere. By studying this abnormal climatic period, we can learn more about current climate change. The YD marks the transition from the Pleistocene epoch – the time from 2.6 million years ago to 11.7 thousand years ago – to our current climatically stable period, the Holocene epoch. What was the earth like in the centuries leading up to the YD? The late Pleistocene was punctuated by many climatic oscillations including glaciations – colloquially known as ice ages. Many species went extinct, notably megafauna like wooly mammoths, many Eurasian and Australian elephants, and some species of hippopotamuses, bears, and lions. The last archaic human species, like Neanderthals, also died out during this time. Unlike most glaciations of the Pleistocene, only the northern hemisphere was affected during the YD. The climate conditions of the southern hemisphere were what we would expect for that time in the natural climatic cycles, but there were unexpected temperature drops over most of North America and some parts of Europe. At the end of the YD, temperatures rose extremely quickly, in a matter of decades. Since the speed of cooling and warming at the start and end of the YD is similar to the rapid anthropogenic climate change of today, studying this period may provide insight into the potential consequences of modern climate change. The causes of the YD are not yet completely understood and further research may shed light on this important period that could help predict future (and current) abrupt climate changes and their effects on the earth and its ecosystems. The most widely accepted explanation of the YD is that a flood of freshwater into the Arctic Ocean disrupted thermohaline circulation (THC) in the Arctic and North Atlantic. THC is a natural process by which the ocean circulates water, driven by salinity and temperature. THC is very sensitive to external conditions like meltwater, wind patterns, land runoff, and precipitation. Just before the YD, global temperatures started to increase after the Last Glacial Maximum in the natural cycle of cooling and warming. At that time, North America was covered by a sheet of ice. The warming began melting this ice sheet and the meltwater created a huge freshwater lake just north-west of the Great Lakes. Flow from the lake to the ocean was blocked by an ice dam, but as the temperature increased further and more meltwater flowed into the lake, the ice dam suddenly broke and released approximately 9,500 km3 of freshwater into the Atlantic ocean. The huge flow of freshwater into the Atlantic diluted the shallow saltwater which shut down THC. Without THC, warm water stopped moving north and cold water at the surface near the north pole got colder and colder. The instability of THC probably made it easier for the YD to occur in the first place. This is something to consider when studying modern climate change. Ocean composition is changing because of rising temperatures, ice melt, and pollution. If these changes are sudden or drastic enough we may also risk disrupting ocean circulation and creating an unpredictable climate event. Other earth systems, like the carbon and nitrogen cycles and atmospheric composition, are also sensitive to small changes. One of the key characteristics of modern climate change is extreme weather events, which may be a result of alterations to these systems. Natural climatic cycles operate on time scales of one hundred thousand to one million years. But, as in the YD, abrupt climate changes are possible and can have devastating effects on the earth’s ecosystems and human populations. Climatic change during the Younger Dryas decreased deep-ocean biodiversity in the North Atlantic. This is likely related to the decreased ocean circulation minimizing flow of  available nutrients, the colder water temperature, and lower species migration. Similar drops in biodiversity have been observed at other times of reduced THC. Climate-driven ecological change is not unique to the YD. Throughout the Pleistocene era (2.5 million years ago to the start of the YD), the variable climate strongly affected plant range and abundance which had secondary effects on herbivores. The extinctions of this period, as well as the megafaunal extinctions at the Younger Dryas-Holocene transition, were most likely the result of the combination of climate change and human hunting. Climate-driven extinction is a primary concern of modern climate change as well. Habitats are being destroyed by human intervention directly, for example, from deforestation, and indirectly because of changes in temperature and weather resulting from greenhouse gas emissions. This has sometimes been called the “sixth mass extinction” and a recent study estimated that up to a third of all plant and animal species could go extinct by 2070 because of anthropogenic climate change. Late Pleistocene humans used tools and lived in either nomadic tribes or small hunter-gatherer societies. The human inhabitants of North America during the YD were called the Clovis people and were potentially the first widespread human population in the American continent. The first human settlers of North America probably arrived on the continent around 14,000 years ago. From Alaska, where they arrived from the Bering land bridge, they spread throughout North and South America and are thought to be the ancestors of most native peoples of the American continent. Clovis people were highly mobile and hunted mammoths and other large animals like bison and mastodons. With the colder temperatures of the YD in North America, they settled down into villages and distinct cultures began to emerge. This example illustrates that humans are also affected by climate events. We have seen that modern climate change has led to more extreme weather events including hurricanes, heat waves, droughts, and floods. These events pose a serious threat to coastal and island communities.  We will have to migrate and change our ways of life to adapt in the decades to come, just as the Younger Dryas forced the humans of 12,000 years ago to change.
 When the semester ended, I was asked to write a poem for our Quinquatria, and that seemed doable enough. But after many attempts (and failures), I came to the conclusion that I don’t actually have to write a poem. So internalizing that, I wrote a farewell: This isn’t a poem. This is a farewell to the city that sheltered and loved me for more than half a year. This is a farewell to the freezing mezzanine and the lobby that always felt a little too small. This is a farewell to the slow elevator and the mess that was the kitchen. This is a fuck you to the construction noise that kept me from sleeping and a fuck you to the virus that split us apart too early. This is a thank you to Fiona, with her patience and love. This is a thank you to my roommates, for dealing with my bullshit. This is an ‘I miss you’ to my friends, there are more of you than I thought. This is a ‘hello’ to the uncertainty of life and to the unpredictability that I hate. This is an ‘I’m sorry’ to myself for waiting and being unable to do the things that I still wanted to do. This is an ‘I forgive you’ to me from me and an ‘I’m still proud of you’ for doing the things that you did. This is a ‘see you soon’ to all of you. And a ‘not soon enough.’ This is an ‘I love you’ to the people I care about – you. 
 This article is the last in a series on the global rotation. You can also read a short piece introducing the project, the first article on the educational value of the global rotation, the second article about the constraints on the model, and the third article about the difficulty of the global rotation. After publishing our last article, we conducted an incredibly unscientific poll on the Quest’s Instagram story in which we asked readers if they think the global rotation is “worth it.” An overwhelming majority told us yes, it is. And, after writing this series, we’re inclined to agree. The benefits of the global rotation are obvious, and while the current model has significant shortcomings, interviews with staff members confirmed that many of them are actively being tackled.  These conversations also demonstrated staff members have diverse opinions about issues with the current model. Dennis Posthumus, Minerva’s Berlin Student Experience Designer, spoke about how his ecology background made him critical of the global rotation’s carbon footprint, while Barbara Walder, Minerva’s Global Director of Operations, emphasized the need for African representation and deeper immersion in the current cities.  Capri LaRocca, Minerva’s Director of Student Experience, and Anna Kim, Minerva’s Seoul City Experience Manager, shared the concrete steps SXP has taken to increase the quality of engagement with each rotation city. They talked about different examples of longer, in-depth experiences in the cities and efforts to ensure students interact with local people rather than just talk to their peers in a new place. These include “signature experiences,” homestays with residents, and activities with local college students.  This willingness to improve also extended to more fundamental aspects of the rotation, though most staff were adamant that the seven-city model would last and gave multiple reasons justifying it. Ben Nelson acknowledged struggles with visas and lack of local engagement in Hyderabad. He also addressed persistent frustrations over the lack of an African rotation city and the possibility of adding Kigali, Rwanda in the future.  If this trajectory of change continues, future Minerva students may see frustration with the global rotation as nothing more than the growing pains of an ultimately successful model. While these improvements will take time and current students continue to face difficulties, Nelson and Junko Green, Minerva’s Chief Discovery & Communications Officer, explained that they have iterated Minerva’s marketing strategy to ensure that each new student has an accurate understanding of what they’re signing up for. They claim their revamped strategy  emphasizes the difficulty of the global rotation model.  These conscious decisions to improve SXP programming and update Minerva’s recruiting strategy are all signs of our institution re-molding itself with experience. Nelson claims that, anecdotally, younger Minerva classes have a more positive relationship with the global rotation because of their adjusted expectations. If this trajectory of change continues, future Minerva students may see frustration with the global rotation as nothing more than the growing pains of an ultimately successful model. Despite our sincere high hopes for the future of the global rotation, some concerns remain. First, we question one of its major premises: that it is possible to learn how to quickly adapt to different contexts without first sufficiently understanding the context to which one is adapting.  To what extent, for example, can we adjust effectively to the different communication styles between Silicon Valley and Seoul without first understanding their origins, the context in which they developed, and how that adjustment varies based on the student’s gender, age, and cultural background? Our interviewees have not fully convinced us that the current model’s assumption that quality will follow quantity is sound from a pedagogical point of view.  We acknowledge that no magic number of months will guarantee cultural competence and churn out global citizens, but if that indeed is one of our intentions, the overall design of our curriculum should reflect that goal. A city cannot be a classroom if students don’t have enough time to learn from it. The SXP initiatives discussed above are an example of how Minerva programming can increase student opportunities for location-specific learning.  A second, more general concern is how constraints on students’ time each semester and the sheer difficulty of the Minerva curriculum limits opportunities for engagement with the location cities. Each of our interviews affirmed that staff members across Minerva are aware that the entire experience, especially the global rotation, is onerous. As LaRocca said, “Going to live in another country for four months is really difficult, and that’s known.”  However, if the challenges of the global rotation are not news to anyone, then who decides how much is too much? Minerva students certainly have many different ideas about what constitutes the ideal rotation and which components are manageable or harmful. As Ben Nelson told the Quest, satisfying everyone is impossible; Minerva can only “try to make the most of the constraints that we have.”  The successful future of the global rotation will require a more delicate balance to both bolster Minerva’s pedagogical goals and respect student limits. Students are obliged to understand and work within these constraints, especially in these early years when Minerva is still evolving rapidly. We all signed up for an innovative, experimental education, and many of us willingly abandoned the security of conventional alternatives.  But the appeals to constraints and patience have, at times, felt one-sided. Students themselves are operating within just as much, if not more, limitations on their time, money, passports, health, and, extraordinary though we may be, mental ability to juggle everything Minerva and the global rotation throws at us. The message that all the difficulties are worth it and build resilience, though uplifting, can sometimes feel like a dismissal of student hardships.  As the recent Financial Aid Day of Action demonstrated, there is growing discontent among the student body towards an education that does not address their limits, both material and psychological. It is important for staff to thoughtfully place an upper-limit on this difficulty that balances other priorities and accounts for student perspectives, instead of championing “resilience” at moments of hardship.  The successful future of the global rotation will require a more delicate balance to both bolster Minerva’s pedagogical goals and respect student limits. We believe the answer to this complex problem lies in continued communication and collaboration between students and staff. Students need full transparency and empathy from staff members to fully understand and prepare for the Minerva journey and the difficulties they encounter on it. Staff members need student opinions about what isn’t working to know how to direct their improvement efforts, as well as patient cooperation from students while the Minerva model is still under construction. Having said that, we were encouraged by the number of staff who agreed to participate in this project and their openness in honestly responding to our probing questions. We hope that current students will continue the conversation with the Quest, with staff, and with each other. We are especially optimistic about students (and alumni!) becoming increasingly involved in directly shaping Minerva through paid roles. The collaboration of students and staff has the potential to give voice to, and effectively respond to, student perspectives and challenges.  If you want to share your thoughts or write your own Quest article on improvements to Minerva’s model and the global rotation, please reach out to us at [email protected] or [email protected].
 What do I feel, remember, in these short moments of breath between the waves?  The small moments crest above the others.  A walk back from the symphony hall. A short chat in a hallway. A nod in an elevator. A hello at the door. The moments you went back to your room to find someone in your bed, a group of people on the floor, a friend waiting outside the door. The times you went to your best friend telling her you wanted to throw up; her holding you together in the moments you couldn’t.  There’s that moment in the club when you need to catch your breath, take a seat in the corner, and watch them. These people you live with. These people you’ve grown with. These people who are smart and caring and intelligent and kind and silly and abundant. You sit in the corner on a high chair. And you watch them. Dancing. Singing. Smiling at each other, Evgeny buying shots for everyone because that’s what he does when he’s drunk and his current startup is doing well. You notice how happy each of them looks in that moment. How connected they all seem. How you won’t have this moment forever; how you will always have it. How much pride and joy you feel looking at their smiling, mildly gross and sweaty faces.  Someone comes up to you and asks if you are okay Someone comes up to you. They ask, “are you Okay?” They pull you back to the dance floor, because something they want just as much as their own happiness, is yours.  And you dance.  You dance until it’s morning.  You dance until the trains start running again.  You fall asleep on the train because you are safe with them. These people you didn’t know just a year ago, just a month ago. These people who know you now.  At least one thing about you.  They know you dance salsa. They know you like Notion. They know you draw comics. They know you probably submitted your capstone a week early. They know you probably submitted it a minute late. They know you want to act. They know you were an ice skater. They know you’d do a triathlon if given the chance. They know you’re the one with the whacky yellow notebooks. They know their favorite vlog of yours. They know the taste of your chai. They know the way you say their name, loudly, through the hall, in a deep, rumbling voice. They know you’re going to change the UN. They know you’ll run 1 million startups until everyone knows your name for one. They know you’ll be nominated best teacher of the year. They know you’re going to give all of yourself even if, sometimes, it hurts you. They know you’re going to make the world a little bit more equal.  They know you care. So you sit, in a corner of the basement club that plays a mix of old-school hip hop and current K-pop hits. You look at them. Knowing you’ll spend the rest of your life looking at them loving each other, supporting each other, changing the world, changing the lives of the people around them. You know this moment will be over, that it will always exist, when that person comes over and asks, “are you okay?”  “I don’t think I’ve ever been more okay in my life,” you say.  And so you return to the dance floor.  And you dance. 
 Students planning to apply for OPT after graduating may experience further restrictions given COVID-19. While the situation is continually evolving, the Quest asked for input from students, as well as Marianna Panossi, Minerva’s Student Services Global Director, to clarify real, potential, and unlikely difficulties.  On April 27, Brian Kilmeade of Fox News interviewed U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Chad Wolf, who spoke for the first time about possible recommendations to restrictions on international students working in the U.S. on an Optional Practical Training (OPT) visa.  The current ban on aliens as immigrants, which began April 22nd, does not impact F-1 student visa holders or those applying for OPT. To date, no official recommendations from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) have been announced regarding the suspension of OPT.  On May 7th, U.S. Republican senators Ted Cruz, Tom Cotton, Chuck Grassley, and Josh Hawley wrote a letter to the White House urging Trump to suspend programs like OPT “for one year or until our national unemployment figures return to normal levels.” A suggestion that, if put into place, could impact later graduating classes like M’21.  On May 23rd, the Wall Street Journal reportedly spoke to White House officials who said “The Trump administration is expected to set limits” on OPT.  OPT is a work authorization allowing foreign students to work in the U.S. for a year, or three years if in a STEM field, following graduation from a U.S. college. Students reported applying for OPT for a number of reasons, including: increased economic or employment opportunities, needing to earn more to pay off loans in USD which would be difficult if not impossible to pay off given home currency exchange rates, and wanting to stay in the U.S. long term.  Students in their senior year can apply for OPT between 90 days before and 60 days after graduating, with or without a job offer, though they are strongly recommended to be in the U.S. while their application is pending.  A few M’20 students have found themselves outside of the U.S. unable to apply given travel restrictions.  To date, there is no official policy, recommendation, or presidential proclamation from the U.S. government to limit or suspend OPT. If Trump implemented the ban, it would come in response to the highest unemployment rate in the U.S. since 1940, during the World War II draft, in an attempt to ensure citizens are first in line to get jobs. Opponents of such a ban, however, point to evidence cited by business interests that programs like OPT actually increase employment and economic development in the U.S. The April 22nd Presidential Proclamation that placed a 60-day ban on green cards also required “the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary of the Department of Labor, and the Secretary of the Department of State … to deliver their individual recommendations [regarding further action in immigration] to President Trump” by May 22nd, Marianna Panossi, Minerva’s Director of Global Student Services, told The Quest.  President Trump would be able to restrict this type of immigration through the use of a second Presidential proclamation. This type of proclamation is subject to Congressional authorization and judicial review, though remains in effect until “cancelled, revoked, proven unlawful, or expire[d],” Panossi said. The Quest reached out to Panossi for comment on the Wolf interview, the above letter, the rumors surrounding recommendations of suspension of OPT, and the potential impact on Minerva students.  “Minerva administration, faculty, and staff are joining efforts led by other institutions to voice our concerns regarding potential pause and/or suspension of such integral programs,” she said. She maintained it is important to know the “U.S. government has allowed international students to pursue ‘employment for practical training’ for over 70 years.” Business communities and educational institutions alike have voiced their disapproval of the potential restrictions. As those official recommendations have yet to be announced, according to Panossi, “contingency planning, in this case, is nearly impossible to draft without any information regarding what programs may be included, the effective dates, the impact on current participants of these benefits, etc.”  This is not the first time Trump has considered restricting visas for high-skilled workers. While he has made the program somewhat more difficult, he has also taken a more “mixed” stance on these immigrants in an attempt to balance the interests of pro-business groups, who benefit from these workers, and the anti-immigration camp. Last month, he opted not to block guest worker programs as part of his COVID-19 immigration restrictions, in “a concession to business groups.” According to Panossi, 50 M’20 students have applied for OPT this year. An informal Quest poll conducted on a private M’20 Facebook group found at least 10 of these students have already been accepted. Of those, some already have jobs lined up, while others are in the U.S. attempting to find jobs – though many have been met by hiring freezes.  22 M’19 students are eligible for STEM OPT extensions, of which five have already applied, Panossi told the Quest. If officially put in place by President Trump, a ban on new applicants for programs like OPT – as described in the Cotton et.al. letter – could affect those applying for the first time or for an extension, jeopardizing both graduating M’20 applicants and M’19 extension seekers.  “I continue to monitor the developments daily and will share any pertinent information as it becomes available with an analysis of the impact on Minerva Schools at KGI both short term and long term,” Panossi concluded. The Quest will continue to report on both student experience of the OPT process and updates from the U.S. government.  A previous version of this article had a typo, saying we currently have the “lowest” unemployment rate since 1940. It has been correct to “highest” 
 This piece for The Quest’s Meet the Alumni series features Lusana, an M’19 from Brazil, who is currently in San Francisco. She shares what she learned about success and happiness since graduating. (Transcript lightly edited for clarity.) Lina Della Libera: What have you been up to since graduating? Lusana: I worked a little bit in marketing for a start-up related to investing, but for the last eight months I’ve been working in consulting in a women-led B-corporation called Future State. I am working on a consulting project for a multinational biotech company. Eighty-three percent of the employees at Future State are women and all leadership roles belong to women which is a very unique vibe. As a certified B-corporation, they also have really good projects with social-impact. LDL: Why is this project interesting for you? LO: It wasn’t necessarily a personal project. I have thought about working in consulting before and I wanted something related to women because I’m very passionate about that. Then I found a women-led company doing management consulting. Surprisingly it had nothing to do with what I studied in college. LDL: Really? How was it different? LO: I studied business, but I concentrated in brand-management and this job is more about operations consulting. At Minerva, you are learning very broadly and then you only see your concentration in-depth. Because I studied brand-management I felt like I had some level of knowledge that could help me in this project, but I was completely out of my comfort zone which was good. LDL: Do you feel more comfortable now? LO: I feel like I learned a lot about what it is like to work in consulting, what it is like to work in a team, and about the corporate world. I learned a bit about operations. The good thing is the constant learning. LDL: Looking back, did you learn a lot from Minerva that is helpful to your life now? LO: I think finances have been really helpful. I can really live on a budget now. Also, after traveling for four years with all these different countries and different currencies, I could really live anywhere. To live on a budget and be able to adapt to the local culture by having a certain sense of what’s happening, common practices, and the underlying culture is a skill I don’t think I had before. Lastly, critical thinking has become pretty much normal to us but once you go into the job market you realize many people are not good at it. When I read the news I am able to ask, “What is the bias behind this? I start thinking in multiple levels of analysis. I think about the perspective of history, sociology, and business, and this interdisciplinary thinking is something that other people don’t seem to have yet. I think I owe this very much to Minerva. ” When I talk to someone in the regular world, they tend to totally believe the news. Critical thinking has become pretty much normal to us but once you go into the job market you realize many people are not good at it. Because I lived with critical thinkers for four years, I thought some of these things were just normal. Hanging out with smart people was normal. Critical thinking was the standard. And there is a certain level of emotional intelligence that most Minervans have, which made me really surprised when I went out into the “real world” and some people were unable to show emotional maturity. I did not expect the real world to be so different from Minerva.  LDL: Does that mean that you think the real world is more stressful and tiring than Minerva? LO: Yes, but for different reasons. You are not in a completely international community with a lot of cultures that are different all the time. You are not on a student budget anymore which can be really hard and you are not moving around every four months. Those were some of my biggest sources of stress at Minerva. But there are other things that are stressful. Work can be really stressful and you can’t just ask for an extension on a deadline, you have to complete it. Also, I really miss the intellectual stimuli that I just can’t seem to find outside Minerva. You also don’t have the next step anymore: When you finish high school, then comes college, but when you end college it feels like this black abyss of “anything you want.” You just don’t know what’s next. You are on your own now. From that moment on there is no one telling you what to do. There is no fixed definition of happiness and right or wrong. You do what you want and that is a big responsibility. It was hard. When you finish high school, then comes college, but when you end college it feels like this black abyss of “anything you want.” LDL: With all the uncertainty you are describing, do you think you have chosen a path now? LO: I’m still figuring that out but I have definitely started to question the definition of success and happiness. Minervans tend to think about large-scale impact: changing the future, becoming someone important. I had that by getting a big job in a consulting firm, but I started questioning if that is what I really want. Happiness is not necessarily the amount of money I make or how known I am. What is happiness for me? I started really thinking about doing something different, maybe joining a spirituality program. I still don’t have the answer yet, but it’s a good feeling to finally let go of all the pressure. I don’t have to prove anything else to anyone. It’s just me and I can ask myself: “If I was dying tomorrow, what would I wish I had done?” I find myself moving towards a career that aligns more with my values. Some Minervans were already on that path, but I just got there now after graduation. LDL: Apart from your job, what is making you happy right now? LO: I’m currently trying to decide my future. I’m in San Francisco and debating whether to stay for a little while longer. The idea of not having to move in four months brings me so much happiness. I can build a home, decorate it however I want, and choose how to spend my time in the city without the pressure of having to leave. I have time. I’ve been trying gardening and yoga. I bought a lot of books with my paychecks. I got into a new relationship that has been working really well and that I am learning a lot from. I think that is also something I didn’t allow myself at Minerva, because I knew I would have to move, but now I don’t have to and it’s exciting. LDL: What would you tell freshmen, knowing what you know now? LO: Now I look back and I tell myself not to be so worried about assignment deadlines at Minerva. They were just assignments. Why was I so stressed about that? There is so much more happening now. That’s what I’ve been telling freshmen. Don’t worry so much about grades. They are just grades. Worry about the learning and make sure you understand the HCs and the LOs and how they could be applicable to real-life scenarios. That is more important than the assignment itself or the deadline. You are not a failure if you cannot finish an assignment. Minerva can be stressful at times, but it is just school. It’s ok. Nobody’s dying. It’s just an assignment and you will still have a future. Updated on May 28, 2020 for clarity and privacy concerns.
 Once a busy city, people moving from one place to the other, business meetings on every corner, hundreds of tech and networking events every week, San Francisco is now a ghost town. San Francisco is where young entrepreneurs challenge business rules: the perfect habitat for implementing the next big idea. But, since London Breed, the city’s Mayor, instituted a stay at home order, we have seen churches close, technology events canceled, and major businesses shut their doors throughout the city.  As a college student here, seeing my classmates leave for their home countries in the middle of the semester was so saddening. It meant no more outings to Bob’s Donuts at 10 pm, no more Sunday evening soccer matches with Minerva soccer enthusiasts. Taking a quick walk to Apple Union square or Amazon loft is now a thing of the past, and the lively Minerva 10:01s we anticipated every Sunday will no longer happen. All these amazing events that bring us together as a community have been indefinitely suspended. The situation worsens when you consider our summer plans will likely be canceled, as my internship has already been. Today, remote internships are the new normal, but the competition is so high because so few companies can afford to hire interns during this period. When I got accepted to Minerva, I was so excited that I would have the opportunity to spend a year in the city dubbed the mecca of technology. I envisioned attending Facebook F8 events and Google or Apples’ developer’s day. Instead, as a result of the pandemic, these events have been canceled. Before the pandemic, I had plans in place to create a platform to change how we learn and connect with each other. I built a landing page for Deeging, an app to connect students with private tutors, their school teachers, or lecturers so every student can get the help they need anytime, anywhere. Thousands of students have signed up already. The pandemic has made me realize platforms like Deeging are more important now than ever before. Despite not knowing how to create apps and because of this realization and the resulting belief and passion I have for the product, I am working hard; I am learning to develop iOS and Android apps to build Deeging. I won’t say the process has been fun, but I know the effort is worth it. Sometimes I am stuck for hours trying to figure out why a line of code won’t work – going on Stackoverflow with no success. I have thought about giving up, but, when I remember people whose lives could be impacted by this platform, I am motivated to continue until I see a breakthrough.  When all this is over, I think there will be a shift in the way the world operates; online programs or meetings will no longer be seen as inferior to the physical ones. The habits we have picked will lead to the creation of new markets and businesses in different sectors. I hope my experience during this time will serve as a launching pad towards making me a better version of myself, and I hope the same will happen for society at large when it’s all over.
 Minerva students have repeatedly criticized the global rotation for lacking a city in Africa. Given that Western Europe and East Asia each have two cities, how can the rotation be genuinely “global” if such a major continent is neglected? As Barbara Walder, Minerva’s Global Director of Operations, told the Quest for our series on the global rotation, “Minerva cities must be widely chosen — a representation in Africa is necessary.”  According to Ben Nelson’s article explaining the global rotation, a city in the African continent is currently off the rotation because of logistical concerns. Minerva cities need to be safe, politically stable, and possess a robust internet infrastructure. So far, African cities such as Johannesburg and Durbin in South Africa, where violent crime rates are high, and Accra, Ghana, and Dakar, Senegal, where infrastructure is unstable (well, in the Western sense maybe), have failed to meet these standards.  Kigali, Rwanda, however, is an auspicious candidate as it becomes more globally prominent. Although Minerva has not detailed its criteria for stability or prominence, my personal research shows that Rwanda has seen impressive economic growth in the past two decades. These accomplishments are credited to the success of state-owned enterprises under the tight grip of President Paul Kagame’s regime. Still, the administration has also been accused of fiddling with numbers to report false growth rates and poverty levels. Nonetheless, as Nelson’s article suggests, Kigali might become one of the seven cities students travel to.  Until then, however, how can students engage with African cultures? I found one answer by engaging with the Afro-German community during my global rotation semester in Berlin.  Kigali might become one of the seven cities students travel to. Until then, however, how can students engage with African cultures? Like many others, I was drawn to Minerva for the chance to explore different global contexts, and I wanted to include an African presence as part of that immersion. I am from Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, and before university, I studied at a high school in the American Midwest for an exchange program. I was also in India for various portions of my education, such as spending a year at a Methodist boarding school in the serene hills of Darjeeling and attending summer camp in the teeming city of Pune. Going back even farther are my memories growing up in a Hindu-Muslim household in a nearly homogenous Muslim-majority country — all of which left an open wound in my heart in search of the meaning of “home.”  Because of these experiences, I have felt continuously drawn to the lives of diaspora groups, recent migrants, and refugees. In their individual and collective ways, these groups offer many answers to questions of belonging and demonstrate extraordinary resilience in the process. As a result, I looked for opportunities to engage with diaspora groups in Germany, including Afro-Germans.  Before I came to Berlin in Fall 2019, I did not know that African and German identities could co-exist. That changed in November 2019, when I volunteered at a cultural restitution conference organized by an Afro-German advocacy group in Berlin. The event took place at the Südblock hall, which was only a 10-minute walk from our residence hall in Kreuzberg. Volunteering at the conference was critical for me, as it helped me feel that I had a place in the discourse, being neither German nor African. Perhaps, the distance also helped me explore different sides of the argument and choose freely where my sympathies lay.  At the conference, I learned about Germany’s history with the continent of Africa. In 1884, Otto von Bismarck met with European powers at the Berlin Congo Conference and together decided Africa’s fate without the presence of a single African. Afterward, Germany violently seized territory in “Togo and Cameroon in the west, German Southwest Africa (today’s Namibia), and German East Africa (today’s Tanzania, Rwanda, and Burundi) in the east.”  German colonial powers made not only unfair trade deals and committed genocide of numbers that are still undetermined but also looted many cultural objects and ancestral remains from the colonized Africans. As of 2016, for example, Berlin’s state museums held nearly 1,000 skulls from Rwanda and 60 from Tanzania. Succinctly described by Israel Kaunatjike, a postcolonial activist and political refugee to Germany from Namibia, “Skeletons were brought here. Graves were robbed.”  The image shows the memorial head of a queen from the Kingdom of Benin. The copper alloy memorial is dated to the 16th century but the Bode Museum in Berlin, where I last saw it, did not disclose the details of how it was taken from Benin. Instead, the museum placed the memorial in an exhibit with European artifacts, an inappropriate juxtaposition when German museums, and the country at large, has yet to confront its colonial past and ensure social justice for present-day Afro-Germans.  Though progress towards historical reconciliation is slow, since the Afro-German movement of the 1980s, individuals with African heritage formed a “new, visible, and vocal Black German community.” Many of these Afro-Germans are descendants from the former German-occupied territories, from colonized soldiers of France and Britain, Black GIs, “Vertragsarbeiter” (contract workers) from East Germany, and refugees. Berlin, in particular, includes a network of political advocacy organizations such as AfricAvenir International e.V., ADAN, and EOTO that host art exhibitions, dialogue forums, and professional activities related to the needs of Afro-Germans. Owing to the efforts of such activist groups, significant streets that were named after German colonial officers have been renamed.  Still, at present, it is difficult to quantify the situation of Afro-Germans from official records because the German census doesn’t collect demographic data about citizens’ race. Additionally, the country’s colonial history is rarely taught in German schools, and the persecution of Germany’s Black people during the Second World War is equally left out. Further, Germany’s colonial legacy is often not discussed in school curriculums of formerly colonized countries, leaving many in a historical limbo about the conditions of the present day.  Since my engagement with activists and Afro-Germans, I have continued my education through different resources such as books, articles, and movies. In Buenos Aires, German student Katja Della Libera and I huddled together to watch Otomo, a German film released in 1999 about the experiences of a West African asylum seeker in Stuttgart, a city close to Katja’s hometown in Southern Germany. Loosely based on actual events, the social melodrama shows the racism, economic exclusion, and harassment in the hands of law enforcement, which Black individuals faced — experiences that words can rarely describe in full.  Overall, after my semester in Berlin, I have become more conscious about diasporic African communities in our rotation cities. Consider Argentina, for instance, where “two centuries ago, a third of Buenos Aires was Black. Today, it’s less than one percent.” The stories of African influences on modern-day Argentine traditions have been wholly erased, in everything from tango and gaúcho symbolism to asado barbeques. However, unlike in Berlin, most activist groups and related events in Buenos Aires are in Spanish, so my engagement with afroporteños has been disappointingly limited.  Interactions with Black diaspora groups cannot replace the experience of actually living in an African city. Among other reasons, this is because diasporic identities are morphed by the political, economic, and social forces of the new home country. Unlike citizens in African countries, recent diasporic Africans, for instance, may have the dual experience of being treated ‘as foreigners in their adopted homes, and as traitors in their place of birth.’ Further, second-or-third generation descendants can find it unfitting when they are seen as an ‘African’, a category which is far removed from their everyday lives and can be used to reduce their claim as citizens of, for instance, Germany. Notwithstanding these complexities, my experience with the Afro-German community helped me learn about the continent’s historical relationship with Germany, and get a glimpse of African perspectives within the global rotation. In the future, I hope that SXP can increase programming with marginalized communities, and speed up efforts to include an African representation in our travels.  A shoutout to Sonja Hohenbild from Berlin for her valuable suggestions and edits to the piece. 
 Quarantine.  A word that belonged only in sci-fi movies until a couple of months ago.  Even though it became the reality for everyone around the world, it doesn’t look the same for all of us. During our last week in the Buenos Aires residence, I wondered how the quarantine looked different for Minervans in our almost identical hotel rooms. In the search for the answer, I asked fellow classmates if they had 10 minutes to spare during the next couple of days and didn’t mind being photographed. I asked each, “What is your quarantine motto?”  Elif & Hung: Me: What is your quarantine motto? Elif: What do we do a lot? Hung: Coffee! Elif: Coffee and Steve the brick wall. Me: What? Elif: Steve the brick wall. I named the brick wall. That’s all I see through my window. Thu: Stay alive. That is what I hope for everyone. Kate: Disease brings out the best in me. Anggun: Getting comfortable with yourself. If you see yourself in a prison, there is not much to do. But once you break through, you can do a lot. Abi: Hustle. Xiao and Zineb: Zineb: I feel like ice cream should be included. Xiao: As long as we have good food I am fine. Order ice cream when things go wrong. Ani: Learn new shit! Sanchita: Quarantine and chill. The shawl and the lamp: “Another testimony of us living together.” Some of us were left alone in the rooms with the friendly ghosts of our old roommates. Their left-behind clothes, the postcards on the wall, or the little habits of caring for each other by putting a shawl over the lamp when the other goes to sleep. The end.
 Get to know Melissa Morgenstern, Minerva’s Student Accounts Manager, as she shares about her career path, her work with financial aid at Minerva, and some embarrassing high school outfits.  This article is part of Meet Minerva, a series of interviews introducing the Minerva community to the humans behind the school’s policies and classes. This interview transcription has been edited for length, clarity, and organization. Emma Stiefel: Tell me a little bit about your life, anything that you think is important for us to know. Melissa Morgenstern: A big part of my life has always been international communities. My mom is from the Netherlands, my dad is from Israel, I was raised in New York and the Netherlands partly and also travel a lot to Israel for my dad’s family. I knew growing up I wanted to have an international community around me. At first, I thought I wanted to be a gynecologist, then an anthropologist, then a sociologist, and then I somehow wound up in education. There’s a humongous story to that, but I can relay some of the more interesting parts as we go on.  ES: Outside of your work at Minerva, what do you do for fun or as a hobby? MM: I read a lot. I also love music and dance. I’m part of a choir [called Cantare Con Vivo]. I’ve been in choir for 15-20 years of my life and I’m so glad to have been able to do it. I always try to find ways to make my life unique and give back. I participate in Mandarin exchange groups, I help people who want to bolster their Mandarin or Chinese people who want to practice English. And I volunteer as much as I can. Right now I’m part of a task force that helps shop for elderly people who can’t go out in public. I’m also passionate about food security, so I’ve worked in community gardens and marketplaces for low-income individuals.  ES: Is there anything else students would be surprised to learn about you? MM: I mean speaking Mandarin is pretty surprising. People are surprised by how internationally-minded I am, like I love spicy food, I watch Bollywood movies, I am a huge fan of Israeli and Middle Eastern bands. I’ve never lived a purely American life even though I look like Bettie Sue from next door, I’m blonde, and I have greenish-brown eyes.  Also, in high school, I wanted to be the confident cool alternative girl, but really I was a nerd and a Hot Topic goth. At every prom I never wore a prom dress and always went in the weirdest outfits. I went in a kimono with combat boots, I went in a ripped-up skirt with a green fishnet top, I went in a full jean suit with chaps and dyed my hair orange. When I graduated high school, my mom tied ribbons in my hair and part was dyed orange to represent the Netherlands and I wore combat boots. When I was in choir I wanted to be rebellious, so when we were supposed to wear tights I wore fishnet stockings. The way nerds try to be rebellious in really stupid ways. ES: How did you end up at Minerva? MM: I’ve been in international education for 10-15 years as a student and an employee. I found Minerva through a search for international education jobs. I actually thought Minerva was fake, but I went to a friend of mine who was also in education who told me it’s great. So I applied, and when I was applying I honestly had no clue what this place was. Previously I worked at UC Berkeley’s extension program, which is for nontraditional students and students who want to get further accreditation. I thought Minerva might be like that, but it wasn’t even close.  I think what really drew me to Minerva was I had worked in financial aid before, and it’s traditionally very limiting. You’re very limited by a budget and by what the school can actually handle in terms of not just the money you’re giving but also the populations you’re working with. Traditionally financial aid is very much American centered, so they’re looking at American populations like low-income students. Financial aid at Minerva is not even close to that. Instead, you come in and we decide what your need is and we don’t care if you’re from Kazakhstan or Brazil or the US or Japan, we’ll figure it out.  [Working at Minerva has] been an amazing journey to go on. When I tell people what we do, they look at me with blank stares because they can’t even comprehend it. What I appreciate about Minerva’s financial aid program is that it is truly need-based and it does its best to really look at different communities and support students regardless of where they’re coming from. That is something that in my experience has been lacking in financial aid deliberations [at other institutions].  ES: Were you doing financial aid at the UC Berkeley extension program before?  MM: No, I got my financial aid training at a Mandarin immersion school. [The students] were young kids so we were looking at the parents and how they would fit within the school. As a Mandarin immersion school, you already have a narrow population of people who want to learn Mandarin. Unfortunately, that limits a lot of other populations who maybe would benefit from something like this but don’t have the money or time to enroll their kids. It was great to learn about the various populations and trends in financial aid, but it was a little disheartening to see the limits that were placed on us. ES: How was the process of learning to do financial aid for such an international student body at Minerva? MM: First off I needed to know what tools you guys use: the CSS profile, for instance. We did have something similar at my previous job, but it’s very different because those were primary school students and college students are a totally different ball game. You’re not only looking at the parents, you’re looking at the whole family plus the student. Especially when it comes to international populations, the American nuclear family doesn’t hold true the world over; sometimes grandparents, aunts, uncles, and family friends are all living under one roof. We’re also learning about how international populations need to interact with the CSS profile so we get better information because at the end of the day most tools in the US are made for a US audience. CSS is advanced in that they do have international students in mind, but no one does financial aid like Minerva so it’s never going to be a perfect tool.  The next part was seeing how our internal tools like [Minerva’s Financial Aid Questionnaire] interact with CSS and how we use that to make decisions. It’s about consistency, making sure that if there’s some sort of item that’s not quantifiable and the student needs to express more in words they have the opportunity. It’s also for us to see how economic systems work where they’re from.  That has been an amazing part of my journey. I am a huge proponent of culture-based interaction and understanding that no culture, no individual is the same as another even if they’re identical twins. I am really sensitive to individual differences and cultural differences, so it has been amazing to learn all of these regional practices for economics and finance.  For instance, we might ask about illiquid property. In the US, it’s like, “ok, I have this house and it’s $500,000 and the debt on it is $200,000.” But if we go to other areas of the world [it’s different]. For instance, in Eastern Europe we’ve learned that it’s hard to value immovable property because in many countries that were part of the Soviet Union, property was just given to people. These houses are who knows how old and there’s no historic path. We can’t see who was the original owner or who bought it because no one bought it, it was just given by the government. We have to work with that population to understand their families’ paths in finance.  Another good example is asking, “What is a self-owned business?” In the US, we think of a self-owned business as a storefront or a website with employees and tax records. But in Vietnam, it could be that someone’s mom sells fans on a tarp on the street, and we have to completely reimagine our definition of what a cell phone business is.  My work-study team this year has been key. It has people from five different countries. They’ve been instrumental in helping me understand not just the Minerva point of view but also their country’s point of view. If I have a question like, “This person says that they’re a subsistence farmer in Kenya in this area, is this really an area where farming happens?” my intern could say, “Oh yeah, this is middle of nowhere Kenya, mostly farmers.” I am really sensitive to individual differences and cultural differences, so it has been amazing to learn all of these regional practices for economics and finance.  ES: I can’t even begin to imagine how much complexity that must involve on a day to day basis.  MM: It’s about individual differences as well. Some of them are both culturally dependent and culturally independent. For instance, if a family is divorced or if a parent lost their job a year ago and hasn’t been employed since. Stuff that’s shared the world over but is very different in practice. It’s a balance between looking at general trends for a region and also the individual.  ES: With the work you’ve done on the financial aid team, is there any memory or a project you’ve worked on that stands out to you as something you’re proud of? MM: One thing I really want to improve on, which I think everyone on the finance team and Minerva in general wants to improve on, is communication. I was told coming into this position that my predecessor did two presentations for the freshman every year, and I need to do that too. One thing that helped was having two senior Minerva work-study students who could be my eyes to say this is what students are worried about or this is something that really confused us last year. I could think about how to make sure that doesn’t happen again.  [This year one presentation was] Finance 2.0. It was amazing because we went through the basics with freshman like who to contact when you have a financial aid question, who to contact when you have a visa question, how you pay a term bill, how you understand how your scholarship is applied, and how you make the decision to go independent or live in the dorm financially. People were really happy about it, the only complaint they had was that we didn’t do it earlier.  Our goal now is to make more materials like that, not only presentations but also materials we can historically document. One thing I’ve been working on a lot recently is trying to create libraries of historical documentation so that students can see change over time. It’s my goal and the finance team’s goal to help students make financial decisions that will empower them individually. We don’t necessarily have to agree with those decisions, it’s more that we want you to have the information to feel confident and independent enough to make the right decision for yourself.  ES: That’s good to hear, and honestly I think some people in my year would benefit from that presentation. Is there anything else that you’re really proud of or maybe just that you’re trying to work on improving with your work with financial aid?  MM: Really, communication and [increasing understanding of] what financial aid is at Minerva. It is such a unique system, and I’m working with not just students but also staff members on other teams so they understand what our financial aid is. I’ve heard misconceptions from various teams at Minerva and I have to come in and [clarify the subject].  Overall, it’s been tough because this role is a busy role. There’s a lot going on but it’s important for me to take the time to talk to people and make those important connections with students, coworkers, and leadership and to let people know that there’s a human here and I care.  That’s something I’m really proud of from this past year. I came in honestly very nervous and not knowing what I would be encountering. [I’m proud of] getting to know people and learning where my voice is in all of this. I’m a very personable one-on-one kind of person but I’m also an administrator, so there are limits that I have to recognize and continue to improve upon. It’s been a journey to create those relationships while still respecting the limits of the position.  Finance is definitely something that we take personally; it’s a part of us, it’s sensitive, it’s like poking a raw wound sometimes. I am a huge proponent of the spirit-finance connection and making sure a student has the tools to approach finance independently, maturely, and with strength. ES: That’s a nice segue into the next thing I wanted to ask you about. Outside of your role working with financial aid at Minerva, since you’re based in Berkeley, have you gotten a chance to engage with the community in San Francisco?  MM: I have in certain ways. The San Francisco Public Library holds a financial literacy week for free. I tried to push that for the M’23s. I only got two students but granted I was new and had no idea what was going on, so two was good. We spent the day together and I got to learn more about those students and how they want to grow, which was awesome.  I also participated in an Oxygen event where we made food for students and talked about what the dishes mean to us. I came up with the idea of doing a financial breakdown of these recipes and where the best places are to get these ingredients so that they don’t spend a lot. We made a booklet and I made chicken soup because that’s my favorite thing in the world but then I was a little embarrassed because so many of the freshmen are vegans and vegetarians. I was like, “Sorry, guys, I don’t know a lot about this stuff.”  Another thing is I love talking to students and getting to see them. It’s not always the best conversation because sometimes I’m telling them stuff they don’t want to hear and they’re kind of rejecting it, and sometimes [they cry]. But my parents are social workers. My dad is the family services director of a social services network for the Bronx in New York, and my mom works with people who die or are dying. So I was raised in a community of socially-minded people, and I also have struggled with my own demons. I use that to comfort the person and give them the tools to be stronger for the next rejection. Because this is just a test honestly, people are going to be way meaner as they grow and go off into the world.  I strongly believe that there is a spiritual and financial connection. Finance is definitely something that we take personally; it’s a part of us, it’s sensitive, it’s like poking a raw wound sometimes. I am a huge proponent of the spirit-finance connection and making sure a student has the tools to approach finance independently, maturely, and with strength. A lot of people leave college, myself included, and don’t know what an interest rate is or what a credit card is. Minerva students already know more than average, but I think that worldwide there isn’t much mental or spiritual preparation for how to handle finances. We don’t talk about them openly. By the time we become adults and have to take finances on ourselves it becomes a hindrance to becoming an independent person. My goal is to smash that and teach students how to go out into the world. You can be scared, being scared is fine, but know that you have the tools to make the right decisions for yourself and not get stuck in the muck. ES: It’s really interesting to hear you describe it that way, I think it’s a useful perspective to have. Backing up a bit, how did you come to work in financial aid specifically or just education in general? MM: It’s kind of a weird journey. I started out in anthropology and sociology. I realized it wasn’t enough for me and I wanted a cultural component, so I studied Mandarin language in college. That was because I’d always had this fascination with East Asia and that was the language [my school] had at the time.  I was planning to take two years of Mandarin as the school mandated. I went to a very small liberal arts college with one Mandarin professor. That professor broke both his legs in an accident in my second year, and his assistant became the professor. Then that assistant told me, “You’re my assistant now because you’re the only one I know.” That became a Mandarin accelerator course, I learned to type and speak really fast.  Learning Mandarin funny enough got me interested in more male-dominated fields. Back then Mandarin was very much dominated by men because it was the key to getting a good business position. I just got into Mandarin because I thought it was cool, so I had a way different perspective. But I went to grad school in China, which was also very male-dominated. It bothered me how many of us girls were going into social studies. There’s nothing wrong with social studies, but we need more women in tech and finance, we need to infiltrate.  So I decided to look at harder fields to challenge myself. I did social studies throughout undergrad, in grad school I did international relations, and then I got into education. A thread throughout my career was finance. I always had to balance budgets, I had to communicate what an American financial system would mean to a Chinese person and vice versa. I had to deal with kids who had no clue about money. Then I got to the Mandarin immersion school and a couple months in they told me to [learn their financial aid system]. In international programs [in the US], traditionally there is a heavy representation of one to two cultures and the others kind of trickle in. In the past, it was China and India. If you went to UC Berkeley you would see a ton of Chinese diaspora, and then Indian and Korean [students]. Good luck finding other populations [from Europe, Africa, or Latin America].  With Minerva, I was [impressed that] you get kids from all these countries that are traditionally not represented in international programs. When I found Minerva I was fed up with the overrepresentation of certain cultures and the limits of what we could do to help more disadvantaged populations. I was jaded and didn’t believe Minerva could do what they do, but then I started working and realized they actually do it.  It’s such a great program and affordable, but a big question is, “What do I need to do to make it work?” Everyone needs to come to it with that mentality. ES: It makes sense when you explain it that way. It’s nice to hear as a Minerva student that the school is doing a good job in that way because a lot of students like me who came here from high school don’t have anything to compare it to.  MM: Something that fascinates me about Minerva is that for people like yourself who come from high school, and who knows what type of high school you went to, but Minerva is totally different. You go from a traditional pyramid [organizational structure] to Minerva which is like, I don’t know, a hexagon, and you don’t know what to expect. So it’s our job to figure out what our relationship is. It’s our job on the administrative side to ask what limits we need to impose and what we are willing to be more personable about. For students it’s the same thing: what are you willing to share and give that in other places you wouldn’t have to?  It’s such a great program and affordable, but a big question is, “What do I need to do to make it work?” Everyone needs to come to it with that mentality. It’s great because then you can go into the world and say, “I was one of the major classes that was part of this crazy great educational experiment that’s modeling the future for other schools.”
 This article is part of a Quest series reporting on financial aid at Minerva. Other articles in the series are forth-coming and will provide more qualitative analysis of the patterns discussed here. The Quest values the perspectives of all Minerva stakeholders and we are actively working with Minerva administrators to add their voices to those of the students who shared their experiences with us through future articles and interviews.  Debates and confusion over financial aid are a perennial aspect of Minerva student life. Student conversations often focus on individual stories that strike a chord with the broader community. It can be difficult, however, to clearly understand how financial aid looks for the student body as a whole.  With that in mind, the Quest distributed a survey about financial aid to Minerva students. The 70 responses we received, though far from comprehensive, provide some insight into financial aid at a broad scale. Here’s what we learned. The 70 respondents do not fully represent Minerva’s diverse student body and may specifically over-represent those who have strong feelings either for or against the financial aid system. From our survey we found that a majority of respondents and their families have estimated annual incomes that would make it impossible or extremely difficult for them to pay the full cost of attendance. In each academic year, the largest group of respondents received full or nearly-full aid — around $30,000. For individual respondents, the average change in financial aid between the first and last year they applied was about $500, though the cost of tuition also increased by $1,000 between the 2018-19 and 2019-20 academic years.  Respondents were split on how fair they thought their aid was. Many expressed gratitude for Minerva’s help, though others felt that their financial aid did not consistently reflect their family’s need or called for more transparency and communication to help students budget proactively. A majority of respondents who applied for financial aid had asked for changes to their package at some point, and while many were frustrated or waiting to hear back about these appeals some shared that Minerva had responded positively to their requests.  Overall, analyzing the survey results affirmed that while Minerva’s financial aid system works for many, others have consistently struggled in ways they did not expect. We encourage you to read the entire article to grasp the nuances and limitations of this analysis and stay tuned for forthcoming reporting on the subject. The 70 respondents make up just over 10 percent of the estimated 600 total students in Minerva. Moreover, it is likely that the students who have strong feelings for or against the financial aid system were motivated to complete our survey. Just keep in mind that while the conclusions we draw from this survey are important, exercise caution when applying them to the entire Minerva student body. Survey respondents as a fraction of the approximately 600 total Minerva students. The survey results were distorted in terms of which cohorts and nationalities were represented. A majority of our respondents (43 of 70) were underclassmen, with M’22 students specifically making up 26 of the 70 respondents. M’21 students had the least respondents (12) though this cohort of students is the largest. There was only one respondent from M’19, who we appreciate greatly but will omit from the remainder of this analysis.  The overrepresentation of younger students is significant because it limits analysis of how financial aid evolves through all four years of the Minerva experience, especially with the impact of Manifest costs. But the skew toward younger classes also means that a majority of data came from students who experienced the most recent iterations of the Minerva financial aid model, providing a better glimpse into how the system functions now.  Survey respondents by cohort. In terms of nationality, only US citizens were represented at roughly the same proportion in our survey as they are in Minerva overall (~20 percent). The next largest group of students opted to not disclose their nationality, and most other nationalities, with the possible exception of Brazil and Ukraine, were underrepresented.  Reported nationality of survey respondents. “NA” means that the respondent declined to list their nationality. Some respondents listed multiple nationalities and were counted separately in each category.  Finally, all financial aid information analyzed in this article was reported by student respondents and may contain inaccuracies, innocent or otherwise. While 10 respondents provided us with screenshots verifying the financial aid rewards they reported, the majority of data relies on honest responses. In the interest of transparency, you can access the Python code used to produce most of the statistics in this analysis here. You can access the original survey here. In the interest of protecting student privacy, however, the survey results themselves are strictly confidential. Many respondents provided details of their family’s financial status. Their answers provide a glimpse into the incredible diversity of Minerva’s student body and the insane complexity of fairly distributing a limited amount of financial aid resources to all who apply.  Of the 70 respondents, 53 provided a range or approximate value of their family’s annual income in USD. The values ranged from $0 (families struggling with unemployment and/or only surviving with government support) to incomes that exceeded $300,000 in the case of a couple well-off, U.S.-based families.  Approximate annual family income as reported by 53 survey respondents. The majority of students who provided income information made less than $50,000 a year. Without financial aid, therefore, the approximately $30,000 cost of attending Minerva would require at least 60 percent of their annual income. Many of these families made less than $10,000 a year, which would make it incredibly difficult for them to afford Minerva without aid.  Of the 70 survey respondents, only six reported that they had never applied for financial aid. The remaining 64 had applied in at least one year, though not all of them received aid. These results are close to the statistic that 80 percent of students are on some form of financial aid, which the Minerva Senior Team reported in their response to the financial aid Day of Action. Among our survey respondents, the average financial aid amount received by students who applied was about $20,000 each year. The largest group of students received aid that covered all or almost all of the estimated $31,950 cost to attend Minerva in the first three years (in the fourth year, the cost increases to $35,900 due to Manifest). Note that the following analysis focuses on a academic years, not calendar years. Reported first-year aid financial aid rewards from the 62 respondents who applied.  All 70 survey respondents could have applied for first-year aid and 62 reported that they did. The average first-year aid reward amongst the respondents was $18,720, the lowest average of all four years. This is partly due to the fact that some students who applied in the first year received no aid. A majority of this group (six out of 10) then did not re-apply in later years, and as a result  the first-year average is weighed down by more $0 amounts than the other years.  Reported second year aid financial aid rewards from the 53 respondents who applied.  All survey respondents also could have applied for second year aid, and 53 of them did. The average aid awarded for this year was $21,135. Compared to first year, fewer students received nothing from Minerva, and in both years many students received full or nearly-full aid, resulting in a higher average.  Reported third year aid financial aid rewards from the 41 respondents who applied.  Aid for third and fourth year respondents followed a similar trend to the previous years. The average reported aid rewards were $20,368 and $19,921, respectively. Only 53 respondents could have applied for third year aid (M’23 students are too young) and 41 reported that they did. Only M’21 and M’20 students could have applied for fourth year aid, and of the 27 respondents in these cohorts, 17 reported applying.  Reported fourth year aid financial aid rewards from the 17 respondents who applied.  As explained above, fourth-year students have to pay higher costs due to Manifest. The aid awards shown in the graph above may seem low compared to the increased costs. It’s important to note, however, that the survey respondents for M’20 and M’21 received less financial aid on average than the M’22 and M’23 respondents in early years. In their second-year, for example, M’20 and M’21 students received an average of $17,371 and $16,407, respectively, compared to M’22 and M’23 students who respectively received an average financial aid package of $23,132 and $22,307. Furthermore, the smaller number of respondents from M’20 and M’21 means that an analysis of these cohorts is necessarily more uncertain since more information is missing for them. In addition to the general trends discussed above, we analyzed how aid changed from year to year for each eligible respondent. Of the 64 respondents who applied for financial aid, 54 did so in more than one year. Average change in financial aid for the 54 respondents who applied in more than one year. The average change in reported financial aid for one person was positive — approximately $500 per year. The trend reflects the Minerva Senior Team’s report that “93% of scholarships provided to the same students have either stayed the same or increased and 78% of family contributions have either decreased or stayed the same.”  During the same time, however, tuition and fees also increased — raising the total cost of attendance by $1,000 between the 2018-19 and 2019-20 academic years — so some students were paying the same or more even as their aid went up. According to the Minerva Senior Team, about 67 percent of family contributions that increased did so due to the tuition and fee increases. They also stated that seven percent of scholarships decreased and eight percent of family contributions increased for “particular reasons” beyond the rising costs.  The reasons for these financial aid changes were not always clear to students. Of the 54 applicable respondents, 31 described the reasons Minerva provided for changes in their financial aid. About half of these respondents mentioned that they were confused about the changes to their aid or had received no clarifying information from Minerva. The rest largely understood the changes as a consequence of factors like a change in their family’s financial situation, going off-rotation, mistakes on the financial aid application, or the tuition increase.  In addition to reporting the financial aid they received, the survey also asked respondents to assess how fair they thought this aid was. Of the 64 respondents who applied for financial aid, 20 thought what they received was fair every year. The same number of students told us they believe they received less aid than their family needs. One person thought they received more aid than their family needs, though they did not explain why. The remainder (23) responded that their assessment of fairness was more complicated or varied from year to year. Perceptions of how fair financial aid awards are as reported by the 64 respondents who applied for aid.  It should be noted that the design of this survey question was slightly flawed, which resulted in a misunderstanding that excluded two unsuccessful financial aid applicants from these results.  Most respondents (48 of 70) explained how they assessed the fairness of their financial aid. Several respondents who thought their aid was unfair at least in some years mentioned mandatory but not directly covered costs like GeoBlue health insurance, flights, visa fees, and the scholarship tax that they struggled to afford. One respondent wrote, “While my financial aid has increased, it is still extremely difficult for me to pay the term bill AND health insurance, which is twice the amount of my term bill and shows how flawed the system is.” Some respondents similarly mentioned frustrations with Manifest fees that they felt their aid packages could not cover.  Others expressed frustration that loans were counted as financial aid when they left students with debt after graduation. One respondent felt “it is unreasonable to graduate with such high amounts of student loans as they expect us to.” This burden is especially heavy for those who come from countries where taking out loans is less common and/or making payments in USD with a local job would be next to impossible. Currency devaluation and different expectations for how much parents should save for their child’s education were also mentioned as challenges that varied depending on a student’s home country.  On the other hand, multiple respondents who believed that their aid was fair used this space to express appreciation for what Minerva gave them. One of these respondents wrote, “Minerva has been super helpful in understanding that and providing just enough financial aid.” This group also included students who said that they were thankful for their aid even though their families still struggled to pay for their education. Another respondent said, “Minerva gave me the best they could. I really can’t imagine getting more money. Although even the $1,000 I had to pay would sometimes be a scary sum.” Perceptions of how fair aid was for those who asked Minerva to change their financial aid package. Of the 64 people who applied for financial aid, 38 said that they had asked Minerva to change their financial aid package at least once. Of those who appealed their aid awards, 28 had believed that their aid was unfair in at least one year. Most of the remaining 10 respondents said that they thought their aid was fair; those who explained their responses wrote that Minerva had responded positively to their requests and changed their aid to better meet their family’s needs. About 10 respondents noted that they were still waiting to hear back about their appeal of this year’s financial aid package or did not receive a response to their request.  The survey concluded with an open-ended question that invited respondents to comment on their financial aid experience however they wished. Of the 70 respondents, 28 wrote something in this section. Many of the responses echoed the demands of the financial aid Day of Action that occurred at the end of the semester, around the same time we distributed our survey. These included calls for more transparency in the financial aid process and disclosure of all mandatory costs far in advance of when they were due so that students can budget appropriately. One respondent said, “I just think that financial aid at Minerva could be more transparent.”  Multiple respondents expressed frustration with the lengths they and their families have to go to in order to pay Minerva bills and wished either for more aid or more information to ease the burden. One respondent said they are “genuinely considering taking a leave of absence, applying to study remotely (somehow) or taking multiple summer jobs to try to afford the total cost of tuition, student services, flights, visas, accommodation, etc., purely because my family would be unable to afford everything without these actions, and Minerva assumes we can pay more than we can without considering how much my parents need to survive, pay off their mortgage, their own insurance expenses, etc.” Other complaints included M’20 students who did not receive a full refund of Manifest costs despite the event going remote due to coronavirus. Some students again expressed frustration with Minerva including loans within their definition of financial aid, with one respondent writing they “feel sad that loans and their repayments are all the same for all the students regardless of future job prospects, country of future work/living, and family abilities.” But multiple students also wrote that they were satisfied with their financial aid packages and grateful for Minerva’s support. One respondent shared, “I was always very grateful for my financial aid and would not be able to make it if it was worse than this. I know that people often complain about their aid, but I want to acknowledge that as a student in need I always received support.” Finally, several students also wrote that they were critical of the collective anger over financial aid and felt their peers needed to adopt a more nuanced perspective of Minerva’s decisions and constraints. Two respondents explicitly expressed support for Minerva investigating the financial situation of some students, especially since they believe that some students exaggerate their family’s need in the aid application. One student asserted that Minerva’s financial aid is much better than other U.S. universities and said, “It’s easy to hold on to the few outrageous, or loud, cases, and reject the system, but I believe it works well for the majority of students, within what Minerva can realistically offer. Kinks in the system have always been worked out, and they will continue to be.” The analysis above begins to shed light on what those kinks are and how they may, eventually, be worked out. The Quest will continue to report on Minerva’s financial aid system in a series of upcoming articles.  If you are interested in sharing your experiences with financial aid at Minerva, please reach out to me at [email protected] or Erin Paglione at [email protected]. 
 In the wake of conversations about anti-Black racism around the world, the student community has voiced different levels of support and criticism for the upcoming Precedent talks organized by Minerva. Due to the rushed nature of how Precedent was organized and the top-down communication to students, as well as the need for reflection, three members of the community spontaneously decided to come to the fore and publish their rationale for not participating in the conversations. The students felt so strongly that a writing effort that normally takes months of editing gushed out within the span of 72 hours. The result affirmed that despite the difficulties and fears of quickly evaluating a sensitive topic, they are practitioners of the critical thinking they have been taught by Minerva’s curriculum. They acknowledge that Precedent has yet to begin, and are intentional in giving Minerva the benefit of the doubt while analyzing the plans shared with students. However, sharing concerns and humanizing hesitations is valuable in addressing this situation appropriately.  Through the reflection process, one question remained: “If Minervans were to protest in solidarity with Black Lives Matter, how would we do it?” The challenge at hand points to the lack of a campus to march on, the inaccessibility of administration given the miles that separate them from students, and even the disappointing reception of the previous financial aid protests. While this question merits its own discussion, in the most sincere and experimental sense, this series of articles is a mini-protest. You can read the second piece by Kate Tanha (M’21) here and the third by Erin Paglione (M’21) here.  I consider myself a pessimist by nature, but once in awhile, I’ll relapse into that pesky optimism. This was one of those moments. Let me set the stage for you: Coronavirus. The murder of George Floyd. The looming threat of Donald Trump’s reelection. The once proud and enviable United States of America, now in Star Spangled Shambles, and in some cases, literally on fire. From stage right, Minerva enters. The audience holds its breath.  As companies issued template statements about their support for the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement and black squares flooded Instagram feeds, Minerva had some choices to make. And like all well-meaning but uninvested attempts to fix institutional problems, we ended up with a half-baked solution: Precedent.  After serving a long, disheartening term on the ASM where many issues rarely received prompt or collaborative solutions, Minerva’s reluctance to address institutional shortcomings turned me to my good friend, Pessimism. Precedent is one part of Minerva’s response to the current BLM protests rising up in the US. It consists of four mediated discussions of about 20 people, including staff, faculty, external guests, alumni, and students. The event seems to mirror Minerva’s standard academic discussions with an added audience to increase participation.  After serving a long, disheartening term on the ASM where many issues rarely received prompt or collaborative solutions, Minerva’s reluctance to address institutional shortcomings turned me to my good friend, Pessimism. But I have to admit, seeing Minerva’s uncharacteristically quick response to this situation was a refreshing surprise. I let the optimism seep into me when we received Ben Nelson’s email, but I didn’t realize it then: medicine too little too late, isn’t medicine at all.  I signed up to participate in one of the discussions and spectate all of the others. After all, I didn’t want to miss out on a learning opportunity, and at the very least, no harm could come from an innocent little discussion, right? A thread started growing in a private student Facebook group, and my computer dinged with an email notification. I needed to attend a mandatory prep meeting. Okay. That’s fine.  Two minutes until the meeting starts, and I begin to panic.  Wait… what do I know about being Black in America that qualifies me to be one of the few chosen students in this discussion? I was born and raised in Texas in a middle-income home as an Indian American. My skin is brown. I’m not treated like a white person, but my skin is not going to get me killed either. “But that’s what this session is for, Amulya,” Mr. Optimism whispered. “To learn about being Black in the US. To learn what you can do to help.”  But how would we learn about Black identity if there were no Black American students present in the discussions? Sure, there would be guest panelists, but they’re not experts in the field, and we don’t know why they were chosen. There’s not a single Black American in my cohort, M’22. The two Black staff members I knew have both left Minerva for other jobs.  “Well, the burden of proof is not all on them. There’s a cornucopia of articles and art and resources that exist. You should do your own research,” I thought. True, but if I can do my own research and self-reflection, then what is the purpose of attending Precedent? What more would I gain from this than I would from the decades worth of videos and literature that already exists on the internet? My skin is brown. I’m not treated like a white person, but my skin is not going to get me killed either. And as the prep-session dragged on for an hour and a half, the questions in my head started piling up. Why are we trying to solve racism For the Sake of the World, when we haven’t addressed it in our Minerva community? *Crack* How can we have meaningful, self-reflective realizations if there’s an audience watching me ask my stupid questions? *crackle* Why are we discussing the intricacies of systemic racism in the US when only a small minority of the student body has the prerequisite knowledge to hold a meaningful discussion? And that’s when my optimism crumbled.  All the words in the Facebook thread came rushing back to me. Is this just… optics? Is this another show for the world that we’re doing the right thing, or a one-act play to appease the Minervan crowd? However much we believe that Precedent is for the community, or the university, or the greater good, best intentions won’t justify shoddy results this time. There is no 5 for effort at Minerva.  The global rotation includes nearly every continent except Africa, Americans and westerners fill many community leadership positions, and the vocal majority of Minerva’s “diverse” student body more or less has similar liberal values. Sure, that may be a product of the nature of Minerva itself, but I’m starting to run out of excuses. The Minerva pedagogy is innovative, and the staff and faculty pour their soul into their work. These people are worked to the bone and come from all walks of life. I’m proud to call myself a Minervan and proud I can say I’ve traveled the world to become a better global citizen. But all this pride is only justified if the practice matches the preaching. Can I really say I’ve lived in seven countries if I only stayed for four months and half the time I was cooped up in a dorm writing essays and preparing for classes? Can I really claim that I’m getting a global education when my classes focus on western ideas and tag on “Eastern Philosophy” to the end as an afterthought? Because what is “the rest of the world’s” seized and exploited knowledge, if not a western afterthought? Is it enough if we just talk about race and racism… or do we actually have to do something about it? One group discussion and a hesitant email later, I dropped out of participating in Precedent. I personally think these discussions should have followed a WIL structure so we could learn from the panelists and ask questions to further our awareness and take efficient action. Instead, it feels like our “learning” is on display for an audience, and we’re performing without ever critically discussing racism within our community first. We’re theoretically discussing or proposing solutions to an issue that has generations of US-specific history and context that most Minervans probably know little about.  Wouldn’t we benefit more from a discussion about how racism manifests inside Minerva and what we could do about that? Or take this as an opportunity to investigate how US racism could be analogous to other forms of discrimination in other cultures? While searching for novel solutions is important, starting with the assumption that we as Minervans could propose something more thoughtful and effective neglects the reality that we just haven’t spent a lifetime thinking about race. Realistically, there is no way we, a bunch of college students, are going to find a solution to this institutional discrimination that has plagued the US for centuries. Millions of intelligent and capable individuals fought for racial justice and won partial victories which brought us to this point — or died trying. While searching for novel solutions is important, starting with the assumption that we as Minervans could propose something more thoughtful and effective neglects the reality that we just haven’t spent a lifetime thinking about race. Many students have only begun thinking about race issues after leaving their hometowns and joining Minerva. Those realizations didn’t come from academic discussion, but self-reflection prompted by basic human interactions in such a diverse community. Instead of using this moment in history to have some pseudo-intellectual discussion about theoretical solutions, we should be focusing on our specific sphere of influence (Minerva, our families, friends, peers) and having meaningful discussions that not only educate us on the situation in the US but also give us something useful to understand and implement in our own cultural contexts. This is the moment to act on our learning, not to fall into the intellectual trap of perpetual discussion.  I wouldn’t complain if I thought nothing could be done. It’s the fact that Minerva has the capacity to make this an opportunity for productive change and institutional reflection, but is choosing not to push themselves, that makes me want to pull my hair out. There’s always a choice. No matter how subtle. No matter how difficult. Precedent seems like a good first try, but from what we’ve been told to expect, it’s not enough. Students should have been involved in the creation of Precedent. To be fair, there was an invitation sent out for those who wanted to be involved. But no one responded to my interested reply. Instead, my interest in collaboration was sent out into the void, and Minerva checked the box for asking for student opinion.  However much we feel the reflex to blame Minerva for its shortcomings, though, we need to realize that we are Minerva. This big scary institution is made up of people, and we are the parts that keep it running. If we have an issue with the result, it’s on the students, faculty, staff, alumni, M I N E R V A to make it happen. The focus should be on what we as individuals and a community can do to fix this issue in ourselves, first. Because making sure Minerva doesn’t become another microcosm of the world’s most neglected social issues is our problem and our responsibility to fix. But the assumption was that we’re not thaaaat racist, and the world needs more fixing than us anyway. The US should have been used as a case study to interrogate the roots of racist ideologies in our own diverse backgrounds, but instead we got another template discussion on what we eXtRaOrDiNaRy Minervans can do to solve a problem that we’re apparently not a part of. We should take this as an opportunity to create lasting institutional reforms in our university and ask ourselves the questions we are asking the US: What parts of our institution are systemically unequal and what can we do to address them? What are the existing community issues and voices that go unheard in SXP, CTD, CAPS? Why are the disparities of the world reflected in our ecosystem if Minerva is completely merit-based? These are all questions that Minerva has or should develop answers to. The answers are open secrets, but what has talking about them gotten us? The cards are all on the table. What’s our next play? Minerva needs to take a long hard look at itself and figure out what the real purpose of Precedent is. We can point the finger at the world, but as they say, there’s four pointing straight back at us.  It reminds me of a famous quote: “When you can do the things that I can, but you don’t, and then the bad things happen? They happen because of you.” That wasn’t said by MLK or Gandhi. It was said by Spiderman. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that systemic racism exists, but as the Minerva community, I wonder what we’re doing about it. So when Minerva can do the things that it can, and then doesn’t, and the bad things continue to happen? They happen because of us. Nobody else. There’s not a doubt in my mind that most Minervans are actively working to find their place in the BLM movement, whether through research, protests, or genuine self-interrogation. But self-reflection isn’t a group sport and it’s not enough to be aware of the problems and claim you’re “working on it.” It’s not enough to endlessly discuss the theoretical solutions to such a complex issue. We need to set a precedent by acting, because anything less would just be a show for ourselves about what good work we’re all doing. That’s just optics. We, as Minerva, need to point a finger at ourselves and make some changes. I hope Precedent proves me wrong.  The audience is waiting.  But don’t hold your breath. 
 This article is the third in a series of opinion pieces on student refusal to attend the upcoming Precedent talks. You can read the first piece by Amulya Pilla (M’22) here, and the second article by Kate Tanha (M’21) here. Starting tomorrow, June 22, Minerva is hosting Precedent, a series of discussions about the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement in the US (though no explicit reference to BLM is made in any messaging about the events).  A document that outlines the event was sent to students and alumni by email on June 15. Several students have voiced concerns about these events. I had originally signed up to participate in Precedent but decided to drop out and attend as an observer because I didn’t think it would be valuable for me to take part in these discussions.  Throughout the article, I have bolded what I consider to be actionable improvements to Precedent and any future conversations. Here are my reasons for not participating in Precedent: Right now feels like the time for action, not for academic discussion. There are mass protests happening around the US and the world. They’re still part of the news cycle (for now). We’re coming up on the presidential election in the US. And because right now I’m ready for action, not academic discussion, I’m not going to be able to get much out of Precedent. I know I will end up feeling frustrated, feeling like we talked in circles, feeling like I don’t have the background information and experience to address these questions. This is not an academic exercise for me right now. This is Black people in my country fighting for their basic human rights, their right to not be murdered. This is me supporting those people, my family, my friends, my city, people I’ve never met and will never meet as we try to convince the government, the police, and, in general, people with privilege to fundamentally change the structures and institutions that have systematically oppressed Black people. But at this moment, it is not about the movement. It is about the cause. I don’t think it’s right to use this as an example/case study for applying the HCs or even for talking about protests and social movements in general. I don’t think it’s appropriate to position ourselves as the problem solvers in a conversation where we have much to learn. Precedent, like so many Minerva classes, asks students to consider big and complex problems, evaluate existing solutions, and even come up with novel ways to address them. It’s one thing to do this with limited background knowledge in class to learn and practice problem-solving skills, but this movement isn’t about learning: it is about valuing and protecting Black lives in the US. To forget, ignore, or downplay the significance of this specific topic at this moment is a great injustice to Black people in the US. The BLM movement may be analogous to other movements. It certainly draws from previous civil rights movements both in the US and around the world. But at this moment, it is not about the movement. It is about the cause. And right now I do not want to participate in a conversation about the movement instead of the cause. To elaborate, the movement is the “how” and the cause is the “why.” So, from my point of view, the movement is the BLM in-person protests, petitions, the types of organizations involved and how people are supporting them, the messaging and chants, etc. The cause is valuing and protecting Black lives and dismantling the structures that perpetuate anti-Black racism. The session I was supposed to participate in, “The Movement: Galvanizing effective support,” centered around questions of whether it is possible to have an effective social movement without a clear and public leader and whether it is more effective to have broad or specific goals. The other sessions are framed in a similarly abstract manner. I want to figure out how I as a young person, a US citizen, and a Minerva student fit into the movement and how this movement fits into our community. While I personally find these general questions rather interesting and while “being qualified” is not a prerequisite to participate, I don’t feel like I have enough experience with these ideas to apply them constructively to the BLM movement.  There are people who have thought about institutional anti-Black racism in the US and how to fight it WAY WAY more than me, have been involved in the BLM movement for much longer, are actively leading the protests right now, and are therefore infinitely more qualified to discuss these things productively. I want to learn from those people, be able to ask questions, and figure out how I as a young person, a US citizen, and a Minerva student fit into the movement and how this movement fits into our community. The moderators of these discussions are Minerva faculty and staff. To my knowledge, they do not have significant experience running or moderating discussions about sensitive topics like race and racism. Effective moderators and framing of the discussion are essential for making it productive. A good moderator can make sure that all participants are sticking to the agreed ground rules, maintaining a respectful environment, keeping the conversation moving forward, and leaving room for all participants to feel safe and heard. In that vein, I am confused about the external guests who were chosen to participate in Precedent. Don’t get me wrong, I googled them and they seem like super cool people, but I’m not sure why they are taking part in this conversation with us. It seems like they were asked because they participated in Consequent. But that does not necessarily make them qualified to speak about racism or the BLM movement as subject-matter experts. I think it would be much more productive to have external experts who are actually experts on these topics: the current BLM movement, police brutality against Black people in the US, anti-racism in the US or world more generally. These guests aren’t the people I’d put on a panel to talk about racism. I am also concerned that the external guests might dominate the conversation. In a pre-Precedent meeting, Ben Nelson told us that the format of the discussions would be similar to a panel with “main panelists” who are the external guests, and the students, alumni, staff, and faculty would add additional thoughts as they come up. In this case, why frame Precedent as conversations at all? And if it will be in a panel discussion style, these guests aren’t the people I’d put on a panel to talk about racism. Who would I include? There is a wealth of speakers and organizations that specialize in community organizing and workshops about race and racism: a list from the Bay Area Council, Black Organizing Project, East Oakland Collective, Showing Up for Racial Justice Bay Area, Black Lives Matter (Los Angeles), Californians for Justice, Merging Path Coaching, and so many others. At Minerva, the majority of students are not from the US and likely have even less context than I do about institutional anti-Black racism in the United States, or they may have different understandings of racial identity. Race relations in the US (and everywhere else) is a hugely complex issue and without adequate background knowledge, I think any discussions will be superficial at best. A more productive conversation would instead explicitly address or at least draw on the experiences of students with different racial identities and associated prejudices or discrimination that they face. We definitely should also talk about race and racism within the Minerva community. A more productive conversation would explicitly address or at least draw on the experiences of students with different racial identities and associated prejudices or discrimination that they face. There is also no component that allows students to discuss what they want or need Minerva to do to be anti-racist. As an institution, I think there is a responsibility for Minerva to listen to students and support us. As far as I can tell, students were not involved in the creation of Precedent and we did not receive the list of external guests until Thursday, June 18th, just four days before the start of the program. We have very few Black American students, staff, and faculty. This is a problem in itself but needs to be taken into account specifically for conversations like these. There must be an explicit plan for how participants and moderators of Precedent will avoid making assumptions about and speaking for Black Americans. And, of course, when there are Black Americans in the room, they only speak for themselves, not the whole Black community (just as any one white person does not speak for all white people). There must be an explicit plan for how participants and moderators of Precedent will avoid making assumptions about and speaking for Black Americans. Precedent also does not seem to acknowledge that these conversations are HIGHLY emotionally intense for some people, notably BIPOC. I haven’t read or heard anything from Minerva about how they will make this a safe space for BIPOC, for example by setting ground rules and expectations for participation. I have talked to a few of my classmates who are choosing not to participate or observe Precedent because these topics cannot be divorced from their lived experiences and it will be too emotionally draining for them. The additional component of there being an “audience” of observers has further deterred some Minerva students. Precedent doesn’t seem to have any component of self-reflection which is crucial when engaging in discussions about race and racism. There are a few topics that I think deserve a reflection prompt, and I’m sure that I am missing many more: While I hope that Precedent is the first of many actions, this alone is not enough; in my opinion, it’s not even a start. Even if we put aside all the shortcomings pointed out thus far, Precedent is still just a conversation series. We need a plan of action. And then we need to implement that plan. I hope these conversations come back up in other formal, Minerva-sponsored contexts, like classes, Elevation and Foundation Week events, and co curriculars because they are important. Racism is one of those complex challenges of the 21st century that Minerva claims to prepare us to tackle. We at Minerva should talk deeply about social movements (and no, our one class about the Arab Spring in Complex Systems doesn’t count). And finally, conversations are important but should be a starting point for genuine action. There should be a component of planning for this action and that is currently missing from the Precedent program. As I said above, to write all the changes that Minerva should make is beyond the scope of this article. Here are some broad areas of change suggested by Minerva students, which we hope to expand on in future articles and initiatives:
 I am tired I am so unbelievably tired I’m tired when I wake up  I’m tired when I go to bed I am tired of eating  I am tired of speaking I am even tired of breathing But, most of all, I am so fucking tired of being tired I’m tired of telling people I’m fine I’m tired of telling people I’m okay — just tired Because it isn’t ‘just tired’ It’s not the kind of tired you get when it’s time to go to bed  Or the kind of tired when you stay up an extra 4 hours  Or even the kind of tired when you pull an all-nighter and skip a whole night of sleep This tired sits in my soul This tired hasn’t gone away since I’ve been 12 years old This tired is a boulder in my stomach  This tired is a fog  This tired is a perpetual buzzing It’s a heavy veil It’s my brain sitting at the bottom of the ocean It’s a rubber band cutting off the circulation to my thoughts It’s my humanity discoloured grey When this tired takes over You lose your sense of self You are extinguished by the tiredness A secondary character in the story of your life I’m tired of being tired And of tired being all I am
 This article is one in a three-part series looking into Minerva’s mental health care services: how it differs between classes and how it has evolved over time. One Minerva Quest writer from each class wrote about their year. The next two articles will include those reports. The Minerva global rotation poses a unique set of challenges to school-provided mental health services. Whereby students cannot meet with a single Minerva counselor in person for more than a semester after their first year, when both semesters are in San Francisco. The Counseling And Psychological Services (CAPS) team, formerly Mental Health Services (MHS) has, over the years, adjusted their operations to accommodate these challenges. Four Minerva Quest reporters from each of the current classes interviewed both the CAPS team and students who have used their services to understand the challenges and changes faced by both groups.  The CAPS team responded in detail to a number of questions from Quest reporters that informed this article. Please find the full responses here. The CAPS team is led by Dr. I-Ching Grace Hung and Fabrizia Sacerdoti. The CAPS page on The Hub states its mission is to create an “environment that would be conducive to student wellness” rather than preventing or eliminating “mental illness.” The team both provides counseling and facilitates wellness activities. Under the name of “Oxygen,” these small regular events, previously known as “wellness events,” may take the form of such events as “fruits and study” or “no tech tea time”. The team also stresses their “invisible” work, done through coordinating with other segments within Minerva – such as ILOs and the inclusion of the “eye rest break” during class. Each non-US city has one to two part-time mental health counselors. In response to Quest questions regarding virtual counseling and continuous mental health counselors, Hung wrote: “Providing telehealth as a consistent option or having a counselor who travels with students to all cities is currently impossible (in fact, in most cases, illegal!) due to the complicated legalities of licensure laws for different mental health providers.”  This means students must recount their mental health background to a new counselor each time they utilize CAPS. The CAPS team is trying to solve this issue by using “therapy notes,” an electronic healthcare system where counselors can transfer notes between themselves. Student use of psychological services far exceeds that of other US-based higher education institutions, a more surprising statistic when placed next to the fact that international students at other US schools use mental health services at lower rates than their US counterparts. Statistics on usage are preliminary – especially in older students where there are fewer statistics available —  but the following numbers are what surveys and usage stats done by Minerva have found so far.  Around 50 percent of first-year students use counseling services at least once. For uppeclassmen, that number ranges between 40 and 60 percent. CAPS reports that “For US colleges that are most comparable to Minerva in size (pg. 26), the average number of students served by counseling services is 21.6 percent.” On average, Minerva students who use counseling services in a semester have three sessions.  Despite this higher demand, CAPS states they have not yet needed a waitlist and offer appointments within 3 to 5 business days, saying this is different from other schools, where waitlists can range from one to 35 weeks. That said, the study they cite reports the mean wait time for schools of comparable size to be 4.5 days – indicating a waitlist may have little practical impact on wait times. In certain cases, CAPS has directed students towards external services, stating “this is best practice in the world of mental health.”  When it comes to limitations on sessions, Hung responded, “CAPS does not set a session limit to our services, and we don’t intend to, despite seeing an annual utilization rate that far exceeds the averages for a school our size,” Hung told The Quest. In practice, utilization rates and the limited availability of counselors may present practical limitations. In those cases, or in cases where students do not find a counselor that matches their needs – an issue acknowledged by the CAPS team and cited by a number of students with whom our reporters spoke – students may be directed towards external services, typically through GeoBlue, Minerva’s student insurance provider. We do not have access to up-to-date survey data on mental health at Minerva. The following results are from a Wellness Survey sent to Minerva students at the end of the 2017/2018 schools year, which could have changed in the nearly two years since.  The report found Minerva students have higher rates of depression, loneliness, and stress from career – though all other indicators of mental health are more or less the same as in other universities. Furthermore, with an average survey response rate of 80 percent, the class of 2020 responded “yes” to the question, “Does Minerva value the role of wellness in your academic success?” at a rate of 28.2 percent. That same number the previous year had been 54.9 percent, and for M’19 that year was 41.1 percent.  Minerva attributes this dramatic drop in positive responses to the “sophomore slump” – a phenomena where second year students in most universities experience a drop in wellbeing and institutional trust which other universities are attempting to solve. Though Minerva does not speculate further, this may be reasonably attributed to the drop in presence of on-the-ground support after students leave San Francisco. The CAPS team, along with Minerva staff in general, have stated they are attempting to integrate departments more and to have a stronger focus on student well being. The CAPS team sometimes acts as internal consultants who work with other staff members. They helped implement the Oxygen program and the ILOs – a program further integrated with classes below 2020. The Wellness Survey results stipulate these changes respond  directly to student feedback and frustration at the apparent silos of different Minerva departments. Correction: The last paragraph of this article was updated to more accurately reflect the nature of the CAPS team’s work. A sentence that described them as “an internal ‘consulting firm'” was revised to say that they “sometimes act as internal consultants”. A reference to the CAPS team’s involvement in implementing eye rest breaks was deleted because Hung told the Quest that she “wouldn’t necessarily credit CAPS as a primary reason for implementing the eye rest breaks.”
 The financial reward system outlined here is a continuation of our previous efforts to partially compensate contributors for their work. The Quest is investing in two main goals: Financial rewards will be given to student contributors who fit into at least one of those categories. They are intended to incentivize the creation of content by students who otherwise might not have been willing or able to dedicate the time and/or resources to this work. Consequently, if a student is committed to finishing a project out of personal interest and would be able to finish without the incentive, we encourage them to withhold from applying. We will leave this evaluation up to individual students, however; while the Quest leadership will vet content for meeting these two categories, we will not judge a student’s need or motivations.  We will devote a maximum of $300 USD of the Quest’s approximately $900 in savings to the rewards program over the coming academic year. Each semester (including Summer 2020) at least $100 will be available for financial rewards, to be paid out in five $20 rewards on a per-article basis.  Once a student expresses interest in writing an article, the main editor they are working with will ask them if they are interested in the financial reward program if they have not already specified this themselves. The main editor is the point-of-contact for the writer throughout the process and should be specified in the Notion card for the story. Every student writing a report or an opinion piece (but not creative pieces or pieces based on assignments) will be made aware of the program at the beginning of the process, and it will be up to their discretion to decide whether to apply or not. The student will complete a short application briefly justifying their eligibility for rewards at the beginning of the writing process and receive the $20 payment via Venmo or Zelle once they satisfactorily complete the article, as evaluated by a majority vote of the Quest editors. If the final article does not meet the categories above as evaluated by the Quest editorial team, the payment will not be made. In the event that more than five students apply for the rewards program in a single semester, payments will be made according to whichever students finish their articles first. If less than five students successfully apply, the remaining money will be rolled over to the next semester (ie, if four students are paid in the summer six students may be paid in the fall).  This process is subject to change as we continue to refine our reward system. If you have any questions, email [email protected] Correction: This article was updated to explicitly encourage BIPOC students to apply for the rewards program.
 As part of a series on the Counseling And Psychological Services (CAPS) team at Minerva, below are short overviews of how CAPS responded to the COVID19 pandemic – written by Aspen Pflughoeft. Check out parts one, two, three, & four to learn more about CAPS – how it’s changed over the years and between classes! The 2019-2020 academic year ended with many Minerva students leaving rotation cities to return to their home countries. Spurned by the COVID-19 pandemic, the students’ exodus exposed many students to unexpected additional stress. As I-Ching Grace Hung, the CAPS Senior Manager, stated, the team recognized that student faced “uncertainty, grief, loneliness, and anxiety that can come with a global crisis such as this, not to mention other stressors that can lead to additional mental health implications (e.g., financial, logistical, academic, adjustment back home, etc.).” The Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) Team responded by extending their services for a limited number of remote sessions and sharing mental health-related resources for students on the Community Portal. On March 22nd, CAPS announced via the Community Portal that they would provide 3 virtual sessions for students to aid in the transition out of the rotation city. According to Hung, by mid-April, less than 50% of the students previously using CAPS services availed the extended sessions, while the number of new students accessing the sessions remained low. In San Francisco and Buenos Aires where groups of students remained, CAPS continued working with, according to Hung, “a steady flow of students.” In addition to these counseling sessions, CAPS shared multiple resources regarding mental health through the Community Portal. These resources — which included online articles, courses, webinars, and apps — came in a series of 7 posts from mid-March to mid-May. The resources aimed to further support students throughout the end of the semester and into the summer.  As part of Student Life, CAPS collaborated with other teams to facilitate various student-centered community events at the end of the semester. These included Quinquatria, Continuum, and Oxygen breathers. Overall, CAPS’ efforts were guided by their primary purpose of supporting students while following their licensure regulations.  To assess the student experience and response to these efforts, the Quest conducted a survey of students. In this survey, 20 out of the 34 respondents (58.8%) reported that they did not know about the virtual sessions. Additionally, of the respondents, 14 (41.2%) reported that they did not know about the resources shared on the Portal while 11 (32.4%) knew about these resources and did not use them. Total, 9 students (26.5%) reported using some or all of the shared resources. Multiple students responded saying that summer resources or summer services from CAPS would be appreciated, particularly as students continue to cope with the uncertainty of the coming academic year.
 Katja Della Libera (2021) shares advice on how to move forward with projects in a city – from civic partnerships to personal projects.    The next round of Civic Projects are around the corner, and you might be wondering if they are worth the time and effort or what exactly you should expect. Or maybe you found another random project you are thinking about starting, but aren’t sure if it would keep you from getting those sweet 4s. There’s no simple answer to these concerns, but here’s some advice to find what works best for you. Don’t take on a project without knowing why you want to commit to it or having an exit plan if it becomes too much. If it is something you can try out once and don’t have to do regularly, like volunteering for an NGO that doesn’t rely on your continued commitment, go for it. For projects that require dedicated participation, think about your reasons for doing them:  Are you passionate about the cause? Do you want this for your resume or portfolio? Are you getting paid? Will you turn it into an academic project? Does it help you relax? Consider if your reason will keep you going when time is scarce. The Winter Wings data submission form This semester in Seoul, I found a Civic Project which I really like. We are working with researchers at Ewha Woman’s University to develop a citizen science project which lets hobby birdwatchers submit their data to be analyzed by researchers. We are planning events, going out to learn about birds, hanging out at a real campus, and meeting the members of the lab. I redesigned the project’s data submission process, giving me an opportunity to work on my web development skills. I’m sure some of this will work and some won’t, but my personal contribution to the project has already been a success. Because this is something I want to put on my resume and portfolio, I knew I would put in the required work and I also thought it would be nice to get out and learn about the local fauna from an expert.  More on the project: http://winterwings-korea-english.strikingly.com During the second semester in San Francisco, I found a German women’s choir. It’s not something  I would put on my resume or get credit for, but I love choir. It wouldn’t be the end of the world if I quit halfway, and my best friend joined with me. So, I gave it a shot and ended up sticking to it for the rest of the semester. The group of elderly German immigrants became my set of German grandmas and gave me so much. They loved having two younger members and gifted us with lots of food and stories from their life, ranging from fleeing Poland after World War II to their immigration to the US and current struggles. It was wonderful to put into perspective the terrifying moments of struggling through college with someone who has lived for more than 80 years. After our last concert, my friend and I promised to send our grandmas postcards from every city. PC: Christopher WolframThe German women’s choir in San Francisco at a spring concert. A lot of projects will fail. Especially for Civic Projects, the framework Minerva provides sets really high expectations which are often not entirely attainable. I found it rather weird to sit down with my Civic Project group and come up with goals, team member roles, milestone meetings, and a team crest, none of which we would ever revisit during the semester or actually do (it all depends on the project). You will fail, but you will also gain experience from how you failed. Remember the Anna Karenina principle: “Successful projects are alike; every unsuccessful project fails in its own way.”  For me, it is hard to look at Minerva’s marketing material about such projects, because it is easy to only see the positives – in retrospect, especially in a text whose goal is to appeal to potential applicants and other people outside the Minerva community. It makes me uncomfortable and feeds into fear of missing out, even if I know that some of the projects included had lot more struggles and are less successful than they sound from a distance (the two examples I gave included). Keeping that in mind, it’s easier to stay realistic and not get frustrated with my own experience. It’s important to determine what success is for you in the first place: A good conversation with a local? Changing the world? There’s a big difference and both are worth aiming for.  I had done acapella before Minerva and really wanted to continue singing in college, so I was glad when I found other students with musical talent to co-lead an acapella MiCo. We were getting excited about lining up opportunities to perform  and perhaps forming partnerships in the city. Lots of people showed interest, but when it was time for us to get started, nobody committed and we eventually gave up. I could reflect on what this taught me about leadership, or how I would have never ended up singing with a dozen lovely German ladies, had the acapella MiCo worked out, but it was frustrating. People are busy and things are going to fail, which brings me to an important point.  Last but not least, I really want to encourage you to take on some kind of project. Anything. It’s so easy to get stuck in your room and fill all your time with Netflix and academics. You’ll never feel like you have time, but if it’s possible in any way, I encourage you to find one or two projects and commit to them. Not too many (you know who you are), but something outside of academics from which you can learn. 
 Now that you know how to think about grades and keep on top of pre-class work, the next step to having a healthy and happy relationship with Minerva academics is understanding what to do with graded work.  Briefly: in-class poll questions and in-depth, external assignments make up the majority of your grades at Minerva. They are your chance to get credit for what you learned from readings and classes and — especially with assignments — show that you are beginning to truly master a concept.  Here are some tips on how to make the most of them: Before writing, read the question thoroughly and make sure you identify all parts (for example, if it asks for a specific example). Decide what HCs or elements of HCs you want to incorporate in your response, and pull up any relevant notes.  If you do not know how to answer or find yourself running out of time, do not panic. Revisit your notes or the original reading if possible, and if you still do not know what to write, focus on displaying whatever you do know about the HC. An off-track answer is better than no answer at all. While writing, make sure you incorporate all the information you identified — do not let yourself get stuck on one part. Demonstrate that you know what you are talking about, but do not overdo it. Each question has a tight character limit, so there’s no room for excessive explaining or even unnecessarily large words. If you absolutely cannot fit your answer into the poll, put the remaining words in the chat. Even if you do not start writing for weeks, you can start brainstorming in your free time and paying extra attention to relevant parts of class and readings. You will benefit from checking how difficult an assignment might be so you can start preparing for it well in advance, instead of being blindsided a few hours before the deadline. Determining the focus of your assignment over a longer period of time is helpful, but executing your ideas over several weeks or days is not always as successful. Some people find that they get bogged down in perfectionism if they spend too much time writing an essay or piece of code. If you are one of them, you might be more productive if you complete the majority of your assignment the day you plan to submit it. Instead of adopting the one-sitting approach above, you might try spreading out work on your assignment as much as possible. Every time you return to the material, you see it with a fresh perspective, making you a better problem-solver and editor. While this method definitely requires more organization and the willpower to fight procrastination, it can also save you from writing-500-words-30-minutes-before-the-deadline stress.  Sometimes polls and assignments might feel frustratingly impossible (though other times they can be fun to work on). Just remember that your Foundation Year grades are not finalized at the end of that year, but will be impacted by your performance the entire time you are at Minerva. Try to follow some of the above advice to put yourself in a position to do your best work. The Quest wishes you the best of luck during your first year at Minerva!
 Before you attend your first Minerva class, you will have to do your first Minerva prep work. Every Minerva class session has assigned material that is supposed to equip you with the background knowledge needed to start learning a concept and make valuable contributions in class. Sometimes all you have to do is read a few short articles, but other times you will have to work through several hours worth of game theory exercises or decipher an entire academic paper. Some (all too common) approaches to prep work are starting immediately before class, or during class, or…not doing it. For the sake of both your sanity and scores, consider trying one of these tried and tested strategies:  After class ends on Thursday, skim through next week’s prep work to get a sense for how much effort it will require and read the study guide questions. Jot down some notes on the writing platform of your choice.  Over the weekend, thoroughly go through each reading, answer the study guide questions, and do any pre-class work. Take notes as you go and make sure you can easily access each reading. During the week, review your notes a couple minutes before class starts and revisit readings as needed.  Have your notes open during class for easy reference during the prep poll and discussion. Continue to take notes on class activities and professor feedback. After class, take a minute to go back through everything one more time. Even if you can’t tame your procrastination enough to get everything done over the weekend, you can still use elements from this strategy to make your life easier. Skim through readings in advance so that you can budget extra time for anything especially tough or long. Go through readings right before class, regardless of when you did them, and keep your notes open.  Do readings the night before class or early in the morning. Use the study guide to prioritize what you pay attention to when reading. Highlight concepts mentioned in the study guide and HC descriptions, search for definitions when needed. Remember to include these keywords and concepts in class polls.  As the semester progresses and gets more and more chaotic, you’ll likely bounce around from #1 to #2 to #3 on this list. Do not worry if you forget to do your readings once or twice — your friends will probably be able to help, and your grades will be fine as long as you do not make it a habit. As you get the hang of Minerva life, you can work your way back up to being more organized and productive.  After prep work comes class itself and assignments, which are the actual basis of your grades at Minerva. Learn more about how to tackle those in the next part of this series.
 Academics during your first year at Minerva are unlike any other school. Gone are GPAs, flashcards, lectures, textbooks, classrooms…  Minerva’s unique pedagogy is one of the main reasons many students choose to attend the school, but actually experiencing the curriculum can be a bit disorienting at first. This article tells you what you need to know about grades at Minerva, from the basics of how they work, to advice on how to think about them productively and healthily.  First, a quick primer on how grades work during the first year at Minerva: Everyone takes the same four Cornerstone classes, which focus on Habits of Mind and Foundational Concepts (HCs). HCs are core skills that are supposed to be perfected over a lifetime, not the memorizable content most students are used to studying. Oh, and each one gets its own #hashtag.  It doesn’t make sense to expect you to master something as nuanced as #emotionaliq or #cognitivebiases right away. After the first year, therefore, you will only have pass-fail grades for each Cornerstone class. Your average scores for each HC are expected to increase over your next three years, meaning that your final first year grades will be determined at the end of your fourth year.  You’re graded on in-class participation (answering written polls and speaking in class), and assignments (in-depth projects like essays and reports). You will be marked on the HCs you applied in class and assignments. All grades are on a 1-5 scale. If you receive a 1, it is an indication that you do not have a clear understanding of the HC and should take some time to relearn the concept. 5s, awarded for the novel and in-depth application of an HC, are so rare and incredible that many students share them on social media stories and humblebrag to friends if they receive one. Those are the basics of how you’ll be graded this year. Now, some advice on how to value your grades: Sure, getting a 1 or a 5 on that poll response won’t matter in the long run, but whether or not you understand the HC you’re supposed to be demonstrating will. Your grades are, in all likelihood, the best method available to assess your learning. And since learning is ultimately why we are all paying tuition, it is in your best interest to value your grades as one measure of progress.  One way to try and get 5s is to pull all-nighters perfecting an overly-ambitious assignment. Do not do that (often). You probably have family and friends who you love and, definitely have a body that needs sleep and exercise. Sometimes you will need or want to prioritize other aspects of your life. Search for the balance, it is achievable. Aim to work smart, not just hard. This does not mean that you should try to “hack” the system — the system is designed to help you learn, so circumventing it is a waste of your time and of your money. Instead, work to develop strategies (like doing classwork in advance and coming up with a plan for assignments) that help you do academic work faster and better.  Do not just put effort into assignments and/or readings and then ignore everything you learned after the class or due date passes. Focus on how you can best prepare yourself for a career (or several) adapting to new challenges and constantly acquiring new skills.   There’s no one right way to approach grades at Minerva. You’ll spend your first year figuring out what works better for you. Hopefully these tips will help you have a year you can be proud of.  For some more advice on how to do prep work, the first part of any class at Minerva, see the next part in this series.
 As the beginning of the new semester looms, we must once again acclimatize ourselves to the routine of being Minerva students. Here are 10 tips to make the second semester a smoother, more enjoyable ride: If you have a class at 9:00 am, it may seem intuitive to wake up minutes before your class begins, draw open your curtains, and log onto class from bed. As tempting as it may be, don’t do it. As hard as it is to maintain normalcy as a Minerva student, you have to try. And, more than that, you have to separate your sleeping spaces from your study and eating spaces. Go for a walk before class starts. Cook food in the kitchen. Take class from a cafe, or from a common space, or even just at your desk. Do whatever you can to prevent yourself from choosing the laziest routine. This is a hot button issue amongst students and curriculum leaders, as the rules around penalties have been subject to change. Currently, you don’t get any extra points for keeping those two free penalties untouched, so you should use them. They are there to facilitate a more rounded, holistic student experience. If you need to sleep through a class to take care of yourself, do it. If you have an exciting business venture or important meeting scheduled during a class, use your penalty. If you need some flexibility in order to catch up with work, use your penalty to hand in an assignment a day late. Don’t sweat the small stuff. You’re the judge of your own academic career, and if you feel that it’s a necessary trade-off to rack up a few penalties in exchange for a more manageable workload, do it. Penalties only account for a fraction of your overall mark, so you can afford to balance high HC scores with some penalties. You’ve got four years to make your HC scores look the way you want them to look, so pace yourself accordingly. A great way to immerse yourself in an environment and to make deep, meaningful connections is through volunteer work. Whether you volunteer at a soup kitchen once a month, the occasional Rebuilding Together project in Oakland, or you develop a petition, you’re making a change in the community that you’ve chosen to join. Choose a cause that you’re passionate about and start from there. But make sure to start small. Don’t overtax yourself, but find a way to give back to the community that, for the short time of a semester, is nurturing you. Make sure to read a book. It can be a novel, non-fiction, a graphic novel, anything. Just make sure you’re not reading it for a class, but purely for the enjoyment of reading. It can be in any language you like, by anyone you like, and you can take the whole semester to conquer it. But make time–an hour before bed, or even your ten minute commute–and stick to a schedule. At the end of it, even if it was a far cry from Tolstoy, you’ll have some more ammunition for your dinner party repartee. It’s too easy–tantalizingly so–as Minervans to live sedentary lives. Everything we need, after all, is a button-click away. To counteract this, find a way to get exercise. Join a gym: you’ll make friends and see a new part of your city. Go for a run: you’ve got built-in city exploration. Find someone who shares a similar interest to you, whether it’s krav maga, tai-chi, dragon boating, or high-intensity interval training, and become workout-buddies. Instant deep connection. As Minervans, we have the unique opportunity to build our own community, and instill it with the values we think are important. By the same token, if there is something–something as small as the lights in your building subjecting you to increased age-related macular degeneration, or the absence of a confetti feature on the ALF–that doesn’t feel right, post it on UserVoice. Make a Facebook post about it. Talk to people in person about it. Schedule a meeting to discuss it. Be proactive, because you have the power to do so. When abiding by number 7 on this list, do it in person. When following number 5, read a book with actual pages, not an e-book or a PDF. Don’t engage in slacktivism; actually get out there and shake real hands, not virtual ones. As amazing as online opportunities are for forging cross-continental relationships and opportunities, don’t underestimate the power of in-person experiences. If you want to tell someone something, tell them in the most direct way possible, starting from face-to-face and working your way downward to Facebook message. Try to meet for group work in-person, not over the ALF, especially if you are all in the same city. Don’t conduct your most important relationships via text, talk to people there in person, call your family and friends back home. And don’t substitute actual activism and volunteer work for passive likes and shares. Too much of our virtual personas are cultivated on packaging and selling our experiences over actually having them. Don’t get sucked into a vortex of self-doubt by thinking you’re missing anything. You’re not. Stop filtering your photos, because that’s not how real life works. Don’t feel guilty if you log off Facebook for a few days. You’re giving yourself the opportunity to go out and enjoy yourself. And the most important people in your life have other channels for connecting with you. They’re not going anywhere, and neither is Facebook. But you can do what you like. And so you should. Before you jump into a semester of projects, assessments, opportunities, and activities, remind yourself that the concept of ‘chasing extraordinary’ is paradoxical. Don’t chase anything. Be mindful. Be kind to yourself, and listen to your own needs, not those of some external chimera. Extraordinary isn’t always necessary. And “good” sure gets the job done. So pay attention to the law of diminishing returns. Sometimes things are as good as they’re gonna get, and it won’t make it any better to obsess over them. That’s okay. You’re going to intuit where the brunt of your energy should be placed, and you’ll prioritize accordingly. Classes of second semester start on Monday, January 9th, 2017. 
 The recommendations in this article are not medical advice but tips on how to travel with the current COVID-19 outbreak. It also provides specific information for Minerva cities. Several number reports are time-based. The author originally wrote the article on 3/7/2020 and has tried to input the most recent updates.  “What will you do if either of us gets infected with the coronavirus?” my flatmate asked while we chilled in our living room in the only district in Seoul that hasn’t had any confirmed COVID-19 case. I have written a lot about the COVID-19 virus and outbreak in several cities. Several articles have been published and shared but recently someone asked me about writing an article for Minerva. As I may travel to six of the seven Minerva rotation cities in the next couple of months, I thought it’s a great idea to gather information from each city to help not only me but also current Minerva students. “Prevention is better than a cure, so you better start wearing a mask so I don’t get infected,” I encouraged my flatmate as she retorted that I was the one working in Gangnam while she mostly stays in Itaewon. When I first arrived in Seoul early this year, I was usually the only one walking around the streets with a mask since I am asthmatic and sensitive to pollution. Nowadays, nearly everyone on the street wears them. One of the most effective preventive measure is to avoid human contact and not travel but since that is not option for most of us, here are some quick tips (#heuristics): Note: When I say to have these around, I don’t mean to hoard them. I mean it will be useful to have them around when you travel, especially when you’re in closed spaces like airplanes, public transportation, or in close contact with people. San Francisco, U.S. Seoul, South Korea Hyderabad, India Berlin, Germany Buenos Aires, Argentina London, U.K. Taipei, Taiwan If you perform with at least a 3 in the Habits of Mind and Fundamental Carry-ons, you are very likely to survive even if you get infected. Still, after all of the preventive measures, you could get sick.  Should I still be worried? Won’t the virus die off and burn out by the Summer?  One of the most common statements these days is that SARS-CoV-2 will be gone by April. Coronaviruses survive better in cool, dry temperatures because they have a layer of fat that protects the virus while in the air. Warmer temperature will break down this layer of fat and higher humidity increases moisture that will make it harder for droplets to travel in the air. Though it is true that warmer and more humid conditions are not ideal for SARS-CoV-2, it is unlikely the outbreak will end by April. The hope is for it to be gone by the end of spring, however, it is currently spreading in the southern hemisphere (Australia and South America has >100 cases), where winter is coming. If the outbreak is not contained there, then it is likely for it to come back to the north by fall. For now, don’t panic. Be prepared.
 Attending Minerva is probably not the best decision for your body. You jerk yourself around the globe, mess up your circadian rhythm, eat new and foreign foods, expose yourself to different allergens, and to top it all off, spend a fair amount of time sitting staring at a computer screen. We tend to think we know how to take care of ourselves: “eat fruits and veggies, sleep, drink water, etc.” But it does not hurt to repeat this advice, tailored to the Minerva experience.  The first thing most Minervans will do before arriving in each city is to board a plane and fly anywhere from three to 33 hours to arrive in their next city. Planes are not the cleanest of places. When you enter a one, you essentially enter a giant metal tube of coughing, sneezing, sweating humans who likely didn’t wash their hands before boarding, whose breath is circulating with yours in a swirl of pathogens. A pretty thought, eh? There are, luckily, some mind-numbingly easy things you can do to prevent the inevitable head cold (or worse) that has afflicted so many Minervans in their first week in a new city.  Before you board the plane, throughout the trip, and after. This is so simple and it makes you feel good too. It not only will keep your hands clean for when they rub at your tired, traveled eyes, but it can also give you a reason to get up from your seat and move around. The air quality in planes is not as horrible as you may assume – they do pump in filtered air – but often the cleaning done in between flights of all the surfaces isn’t enough to cover the risks of all the pathogens entering the plane (including drug-resistant germs). So wash your hands and don’t lick the tray table. Being in a plane makes you dehydrated, so even if you’re a super-hydrator, drink even more on the plane! Despite what folklore you’ve heard about drinking bubbly stuff on flights to calm your stomach, the sugar in that Mt. Dew will probably make you feel worse and keep you dehydrated. Also, you might not want to completely avoid salty snacks. Contrary to your immediate assumptions regarding salty food and dehydration, salty snacks contain electrolytes that help fluid regulation. So get those salty peanuts, they’ll taste good, make you drink more, and keep you effectively hydrated (or course, if you are drinking enough water at the same time).  Though the effectivity of taking vitamin C as a way to boost immunity is debated, there is some evidence of its benefit. There are very few known side effects which then only occur over 2000 mg doses. This will not be a cure for any sickness or a failsafe prevention; it’s mostly a boost before getting on a plane. It is not necessary, but if you have the means to get a bottle of (admittedly yummy) chewable vitamin C tablets, go ahead for good measure. Food can be a real issue when transitioning to a new city. There is a common (incorrect) belief that stomach issues only happen when going from a place like San Francisco to Hyderabad, but a change in diet in any direction (from bland to spicy, from spicy to bland) can upset your stomach. Same goes for water. Even if you think one place has “safer” water than another, there are different microorganisms and minerals everywhere you go, and this can confuse your gut, causing digestive issues. It is good to keep in mind that students from outside the US had stomach issues going to San Francisco, just as other students had issues going to India. Much of eating will be acclimation and common sense.  Attacking your stomach with entirely new food all at once will likely not end well. Just like a vegetarian eating meat for the first time, you want to start small. When you get to your next city try and find foods with which your stomach is familiar, and while eating them, slowly introduce new foods into your diet. Over time, you should acclimate and be able to eat all the food you want (bring on the dosa!). That being said, places do differ in hygiene. For example, Saigon Sandwich in San Francisco’s Tenderloin District — probably not the most hygienic of places (gloves?). Maybe wait a few days or weeks to check it out. Same goes for the street stands in Hyderabad — there are no gloves there! It’s hot! That food is out in the sun for a while! Locals eat it every day for lunch, so you know it’s possible. But if you’re not from there, your stomach will not be happy. If you’re used to one level of sanitation or preparation, use common sense and avoid the things you think you can’t handle. It’s not a sign of weakness, it’s a sign of self-knowledge.  Esther Wenger has a whole series on the next few sections, so I will remain brief. You can check them out here.  Wenger’s article on computer health is extensive enough, so I’ll just reiterate the main points: This is a good option. You can also stack books or put a chair on a table. Be resourceful! I used to have impeccable posture to the point where others would comment on it. This is not the case anymore — every now and then, readjust yourself to sit up straight (Wenger describes what good posture is) Avert your eyes consistently — they will become strained. Use the Pomodoro method for focusing (very effective for me) and walk around, stretch, stand up, look away during your five-minute break. Looking at screens before bed can mess up your sleep. Don’t do it! It is so hard to keep up this habit, but it is so important. Maybe make a rule where you don’t bring your laptop into your room, or schedule your computer to automatically go to sleep at a certain time. Find a way that works for you. Same goes for phones. In short, do it and do it often. But the main things to keep in mind are: If you want to wake up five minutes before class (not recommended), then make that your daily. Routine is important when it comes to sleep because your body works on a rhythmic cycle. If you know you’re going to wake up at 7am, try your best to go to bed at 11pm. This should also be a part of the routine. Lack of sleep is not cool — you do not get a medal for sleeping only three hours, it does not mean you are some productive superhuman, nor does it mean you are more organized or ambitious. It means, frankly, that you are kind of dumb. Literally. Sustained lack of sleep leads to massive decreases in cognitive functionality, productivity, fine motor skills, as well as physical, mental, and emotional health. Don’t try to be cool by sleeping less, it’s not.  Again, read Esther’s series — it’s really good!  No one will say Minerva is not difficult. It can be overwhelming, stressful, and so very hard. But you can work to make it easier on your mental health. The health of your brain and your body are inextricably linked. What you eat, how you sleep, what you do with your body will inevitably affect how you feel and perform. So really, none of these sections are independent, and they should be looked at on a whole as one big lesson in how not to get sick (mentally and physically). Here are some more points which Esther explains with more depth. This is the same thing that goes for sleeping enough. Taking a break is not giving up, it is making the smartest choice. Listen to yourself and your body.  If you’re overwhelmed, talk to a friend. If there’s no one you trust, go to one of the mental health counselors (they’re great). If you don’t trust them, Minerva (through an RA, any staff member, or the mental health team), can help find you someone to talk to in the city. Social interaction and talking through things are so important to our emotional health. Don’t downplay this.  Your first time away from home dealing with illness is stressful. Minerva has systems in place to provide help when needed. The main thing you can do if you don’t already know those processes is to go to your residential advisor (RA) or the residential life coordinator (RLC). They will guide you through what to do, taking the load off you. After that, follow the guidelines above with special emphasis on sleeping and drinking water, and relish in the experience of taking care of yourself for the first time – it’s a learning experience. Getting sick is bound to happen. But you do have the power to prevent it and make the experience of sickness easier when it happens. 
 Hello incoming students!  Below is an FAQ that will hopefully answer essential questions you have to hit the ground running in the end of August when you arrive in San Francisco. Many of these questions were provided by M’20 and M’21 students reflecting on their pre-Minerva experience. Refer back to this article throughout the summer and comment additional questions if you have any! Disclaimer: This information is based on our student experience. Given Minerva is a new University, details, events, and logistics are subject to change and your experience is likely to differ. You should pay close attention to whatever information you get directly from Minerva Administration before arriving, specifically about logistics, and take it over information provided here. Move in starts on August 30th and 31st in San Francisco. Following this, until September 8th, students will engage in Foundation Week. Foundation Week is where students get acclimated to Minerva life. There are necessary workshops, informational sessions on academics, student life, and extracurriculars. It is generally a very busy week, and arriving on the 30th to allow yourself more time to settle in is recommended (if possible). See FAQ #2 for more info   There is a week set aside for orienting you to Minerva, San Francisco, (and for some of you) living on your own for the first time, called Foundation Week. We’ll let you experience most of it for yourself; you’ll learn a lot and meet a lot of people and there can be some pretty magical moments. You will be very tired and will not have a lot of time to do things like eat or finish summer prep, so plan ahead and budget your energy. Drink water and move in as quickly as you can in the first couple of days – there is not much time to do so afterwards. It might also be good to find a cheap food place nearby if you don’t have time to cook or shop for yourself (ex. Saigon Sandwich near the Civic Center) You may be allowed to send laptops to SF for storage before you arrive, but it is very unlikely that you will be allowed to send anything else. Therefore, you have to move in with all of your stuff at once (Tip: don’t bring a lot of stuff!). There are a few ways to get to the residences depending on how you get into the city You will likely be in a residence near the civic center. To get there: On The Hub, which is our student information platform: https://hub.minerva.kgi.edu/ You can sign up when you get your Minerva email. It should familiarize yourself with it before you get started in September as knowing your way around the site will make finding important information drastically easier in the Fall. Good pages to go to are in the San Francisco section under “Cities”, and the Master Calendar page to know all the important dates of the school year. Pack as light as possible. It is not only a good skill to have, but you will not have a lot of space. At the same time, this is the longest stay you will have at a Minerva city, so you may be more flexible with belongings. Essentials like plates, utensils, clothing basics, and some appliances you can find for very cheap at Goodwill (which you will have to Uber to) so you do not have to bring those. For the most part, you will only need to bring any clothes you want, as other essentials can be easily purchased for cheap at many second-hand stores (cheap for SF, meaning $5-$15 per article of clothing). You should also have a couple pieces of clothing that are fancier/business ready. You might find yourself in more situations that demand this type of dress than you expected – even in the first week. At least bring one of these outfits, more clothing can be purchased later on.  Because Minervans have the unique experience of starting Foundation Year without upperclassmen present, extracurriculars restart each year. Students get the opportunity to communicate with other classes to build on previous work, but they can also start their own initiatives. More info will be provided during Foundation Week and sessions will be held throughout the summer to connect incoming freshmen with leaders of existing student initiatives. Some examples are below: Depending on where you are coming from, San Francisco will either be roughly as pricey as you are used to, or very much more expensive. It is important to keep track of how much you spend because in a place like SF where a slice of pizza or a loaf of bread can be more than $10, as one M’20 student would say, you can easily find yourself “hemorrhaging” money. A rough lower bound would look something like this (in USD/week): A rough upper bound would look something like this (same units, assuming no loans given bougie price points): NOTE*** → This does NOT include, other costs, as gym memberships, clothes, laundry, medical emergencies, and leisure activities. Yes. Yes. The short answer is YES. We have a professional development center and they are very good. But you cannot simply rely on them without expecting to put in any effort on your part. They have personal and group coaching, employment platforms, and connections. Be nice to them, as they work hard and are so good at their jobs. This means putting in your half and following through. There are so many different types of days and so many different ways to answer this. So the example we give is quite simple, so as to reflect the most common experience.  You can either reach out to us individually for more information on how to join. Just go up the the top left-hand corner and click on “Contact us” in the “About”. Furthermore, fill out this interest survey: https://theminervaquest.typeform.com/to/YE4HqK If you have anymore questions, feel free to post them in the comments.
 There is a me that only comes out in writing. For instance, “when she smiles, her lips extend to meet her eyes.” Sometimes I feel that’s the only part of me worth living for, to sustain as my body is torn into pieces by all the shit I have to deal with, like I must give the Argentine consulate my goddamn exit flight out of Buenos Aires, like I know where I’ll be in a month let alone seven. She looks earthly in her brown overcoat, tall and lean with hair the color of the midday sun glaring at you. I want to tear open her shirt, out of a mixed desire to hold her in my arms and just as much, to ruin her outfit. Born in Berlin. Who is? Question of the day: how can I manufacture more of the me I like so that I can endure the hours till slumber? Scratch that, how can I forget me? Dignaga says there is no self but that there are periods of experience, one flowing onto the other, like waves in the ocean, nothing discrete except only in mind. She is beautiful. I want to punch her face, make the blood drip down her chin onto my open palms. Would I be happier dead? Serendipitous meetings. People I know on the street — co-organizer of the group Face turns gloomy when I mention Derrida, but eyes are very pleased.  Flirting with Berlin, like I am one of his own. Take a selfie, fake a life. Men making passes at me even when I look (feel?) like shit. Habibi! Is she calling me?
 Dear Buenos Aires (BsAs),      Do you notice how I spell your name like my friend from Bariloche? An extra ‘s’ after each letter instead of the quick and easy BA. Those s’s are important to me, they make you feel like my own, different from how everyone else knows you.        Ananda, equally, knows me. Dear BsAs,        I am sorry that I couldn’t make it out to Victoria Ocampo’s villa, where the 20th-century intellectual and feminist hosted Robindronath Thakur, the creative genius from Bengal whose stories my mother never fails to quote from.       ‘He is as near to me as my life” – she had written about him.        He called her Bijaya — Victoria in Bangla.        A reciprocal exoticization of the other? A colonization pending? Or a new frontier in transnational literary collaborations that rose above the miles between Bengal and Argentina? I won’t know, just yet.        I tried my best, I promise I did, but I never had the time to make the twenty-kilometer journey, not with Spring semester, a broken heart, and a Capstone proposal looming on the horizon. When I made a desperate attempt right before the lockdown in March, I realized that I could not board the train without putting my health at risk. Now, the villa Miralrio of Victoria is like all other public monuments, “temporarily closed.” Dear BsAs,        I am sorry that I never reached out to the Argentine who was eager to tell me about the Palestinian roots of his name.        I am sorry that he will only be a face, and a label. Dear BsAs,       What of all the contacts in my collection? Details etched on a napkin, a crumpled piece of paper, anything that can absorb ink – always in a rush – but never compulsively.        “Call me if you need anything.”        “Come to my home next Friday?”        Friday never came. Dear BsAs,        I’m sorry that I had no time to prepare for my rendition of “Heart-Shaped Box” during the class open-mic. I was imperfect, and worse, totally unrehearsed. Dear BsAs,        I’m sorry that I never knew how to respond when someone called me señorita. It caught me off guard — (how) could I be one? Dear BsAs,        So many conversations we’ve had, just you and I. Dear BsAs,        I’m sorry that I was such a mess. Dear BsAs,        I’m sorry that I never came back to see the second floor of the Museo de Arte Latinoamericano. What about the cashier who told me in late-February that she was going to visit Brazil, that also for the first time? Is she at the mercy of Bolsonaro’s incompetence? Is she safe?         And, when will you do something about the absence of Peruvian artists at your exhibitions?  Dear BsAs,        Rushdie was not lying when he wrote in Midnight’s Children, “To understand me, you’ll have to swallow a world.” Each face, a history. Dear BsAs,        I’m sorry that I don’t speak Spanish. I’m sorry that I came without knowing how to. Sincerely,Kate
 During the week of June 22, Minerva hosted Precedent, a series of four conversations between Minerva students, alumni, staff, faculty, and external guests about racism in the United States. Minerva administration celebrated Precedent as a valuable first step towards further change — its tagline is “Ideas Precede Action.” Multiple students, however, questioned the value of Precedent, including three who published their arguments on the Quest. The concept of Precedent was first announced to Minerva students on June 1, after the May 25 murder of George Floyd ignited an intense weekend of protests against anti-Black racism and police brutality in the United States. In an email to all Minerva students and alumni, Ben Nelson pledged four “small steps in the face of a great wrong.”  Two of these steps focused on better addressing U.S. racism for incoming first-year students in San Francisco: reframing the intercultural competency course to address “the unresolved history of slavery and racism in the United States” and working with local organizations addressing racial issues in the city. The other two steps built on pre-existing programs for current students: the summer incubator (projects designed to give students work experience) and Consequent.  “We sought to look at the complex problem of systemic racism through multiple lenses: the language of persuasion, the composition of the movement, the economics of reparative justice, and the systemic changes necessary to realize true equality.” Precedent, which had the same organizing team and underlying structure as Consequent, was formally announced via email on June 15. Like Consequent, the Precedent  organizing team did not include students, according to Nelson. Each session was organized around a theme:  “Just like we do with Consequent programming we brainstormed ideas, read and listened to a number of resources, engaged in dialog with leading thinkers in the field, and then honed the structure of the programming,” Nelson told the Quest. “Here, we sought to look at the complex problem of systemic racism through multiple lenses: the language of persuasion, the composition of the movement, the economics of reparative justice, and the systemic changes necessary to realize true equality.” Over ten external guests participated in the sessions — about a third of the 30-plus professionals Minerva had invited, according to Nelson. The attendees included an activist/entrepreneur, a comedian/diversity-specialist, senior officials from several African universities, and impact investors.  When asked if any guests had been directly involved in Black Lives Matter or other anti-racist activist moments, Nelson told the Quest that “I believe all of the guests were involved in social justice movements (both domestically and abroad).” The Quest’s research on the external guests found that most had spent a lifetime thinking deeply about racism and inclusion. Many had built careers at the intersection of social justice and business, technology, or education. However, few to none of the guests were expert activists or organizers within the Black Lives Matter movement or other anti-racism campaigns.  Some students were especially eager to hear from such perspectives and found this expertise missing from the line-up of Precedent guests given the event was a response to Black Lives Matter protests.  Over 20 students and alumni actively participated in Precedent alongside external guests and Minerva employees, with an average of about 15 participants per session. Many more observed the conversations, though the exact number is unknown. Eight of these students shared their thoughts on Precedent with The Quest.  Many said they signed up for Precedent to learn new perspectives on racism, an expectation that was fulfilled for some of the participants the Quest spoke to. Pedro Bastos (M’21), who participated in the third session, said that he “honestly learned a lot, especially from professionals who have been dealing with the issue for a long time.”  Ang Li-Lian (M’22) participated in the second session because she wanted to have a serious conversation about race. She hoped to better understand racism in Malaysia, her home country, which she says parallels anti-Black racism in the United States. She was disappointed, however, because she felt the Precedent sessions lacked clear learning outcomes and failed to intellectually challenge participants.  Other students participated because they had doubts about Precedent. “I was skeptical of the set up [and] the lack of prompted self-reflection,” Amelia Kroner (M’20), who participated in the fourth session, told the Quest. “I wanted to bring in that perspective, and I wanted to see if I was right. I can’t be skeptical unless I actually engage.”  “The voices that need to be heard the most are opting out of being heard. The setting isn’t ideal, but the platform is there. We can use it and influence it.” Rebecca Mqamelo (M’21), who participated in the second session, decided to get the most she could out of Precedent despite the limitations she saw. She sympathized with the criticisms of students who decided to not take part, but was disappointed that “the voices that need to be heard the most are opting out of being heard. The setting isn’t ideal, but the platform is there. We can use it and influence it.” All of the student participants the Quest spoke to also said the contributions of the external guests exceeded their expectations. Many concluded that listening to the external guests was the most valuable part of participating in Precedent. Ezza Naveed (M’21), who participated in the third session, thought that the guests “had amazing wisdom and insights to offer, wonderful things that they shared in a very passionate and concise way.” Michael Yang (M’19), who participated in the first session, appreciated that external guests and other student participants “made an effort to direct the discussion toward Minerva,” though this was not the stated focus of the session. Dulce Rivera Osorio (M’21), who also participated in the first session, said the external guests “were willing to criticize Minerva and the actions it was taking to address racism in the institution.”  Ang and Mqamelo especially appreciated one participant, a high-ranking university official from South Africa, for pushing the conversations to become more honest and challenging.  Multiple students wished they had heard from a more diverse spectrum of opinions. Mqamelo noted that Precedent and similar events often function more as echo chambers than spaces where significant differences are reconciled. As Ibukunoluwa Aribilola (M’22), who participated in the fourth session, said, Precedent felt like “a bunch of brainstorming sessions about how we can do more in our different communities, which is great. However, I want to see more conversations between people with opposing views.” At least two students, Amulya Pilla (M’22) and Erin Paglione (M’21), decided to drop out of the sessions after initially signing on as participants. Kate Tanha (M’21) knew she didn’t want to be a part of Precedent from the beginning. (Full Disclosure: An early draft of this article was edited by Erin Paglione and Kate Tanha, who are both Quest editors. They did not edit the version of the article that quoted their interviews with the Quest.) “The vapid way you have branded the event — ‘Precedent’ / ‘ideas precede action’ — already signals a completely whitewashed take on the issue,” Kate wrote. “[…] I have witnessed many instances of Minerva as an institution missing opportunities to create inclusive spaces, which discourage me from thinking that Precedent will be any different.”  Pilla wrote that the framing of Precedent led her to fear that it was “just optics” without substantial changes beyond discussion and theoretical solutions. Erin Paglione (M’21) listed several more points of concern, including the lack of speakers directly engaged in Black Lives Matter activism.  Asked to respond to these students’ reasons for not participating, Nelson told the Quest that “[it is hubristic] to question the value of the perspectives and expertise of invited guests, to pass judgment on the absolute value of a program even before it has occurred, to discount the collaborative work and thinking of a group of organizers with decades of experience, and to publicly stir up opposition and pressure against an initiative that seeks to build bridges, encourage multiple constructive viewpoints, and is in service of a greater good.” He challenged the students who protested the sessions to consider the potential benefits they could have gained by participating from a position “of open-mindedness and curiosity.” “I was reasonably confident that what I was saying was accurate and that my criticisms would still be valid after Precedent. I thought it was important to point out that I could tell just from the framing of the events that I would not be satisfied by them.” In separate responses to the Quest, Kate, Paglione, and Pilla each affirmed their decision to publish their opinion articles before Precedent began. Pilla noted that they waited until after the participant preparation session on Friday, June 19, to ensure they had a better understanding of the program before writing about it. Kate had stressed the importance of voicing their criticisms early so that they might have an impact on Precedent.  “I think it was important that we got the ‘first word’ about Precedent,” Paglione said. “I was concerned that my criticisms would seem too hasty and written without giving Minerva the benefit of the doubt. But I was reasonably confident that what I was saying was accurate and that my criticisms would still be valid after Precedent. I thought it was important to point out that I could tell just from the framing of the events that I would not be satisfied by them.” All three writers reported hearing from some peers and Minerva employees that their arguments against Precedent had informed their engagement with the event. According to Kate, “one of [her] professors wished they’d seen it earlier in preparation for Precedent.”  Paglione and Pilla observed all four sessions. While Kate did not have time to follow them as closely, all three also spoke about the sessions with other students. After watching Precedent play out, Kate, Paglione, and Pilla each stood by the numerous criticisms they had published in the Quest.  In response to the lack of focus on Minerva in Precedent, Nelson told the Quest that “the dialogue and ideas that [Precedent] generates will help inform the work we can do as a community and as an organization.” For example, an external guest suggested replacing the concept of a “cultural fit” in hiring, which may exclude people of color from white-dominated workplaces, with the inclusive concept of a “cultural add.” Nelson said Minerva can easily implement the idea of “an explicit cultural add” in their hiring practices. He further stated that external guests unfamiliar with Minerva would not be able to guide internal work. Nelson also held up Minerva’s actions as distinct from the “performative, exploitative, and vapid” statements that most colleges and corporations issued in response to the June protests. With this in mind, Nelson told the Quest that “we made a conscious choice NOT to post on social media empty words of support and declare victory.” To date, Minerva has not published anything related to the Precedent sessions or other anti-racist initiatives, a decision communicated to students in Nelson’s June 25 email. After the final Precedent session on June 25, Minerva announced “next steps” in an email to students and alumni. These include a series of internally-focused working groups exploring how Minerva can “become an anti-racist institution.” Additionally, Minerva announced a partnership with Paul Quinn College, a faith-based historically-Black college (HBCU) based in Dallas, Texas. The email describes it as “an innovative program to address racial disparities in an actionable way.” Further details about the program were announced on July 9. Paglione, Pilla, Elisha Somasundram (M’22), and Grace Sommers (M’22) formed a group called Students Organizing Against Racism (SOAR) and contacted Minerva’s Senior Team on June 24 to advocate for student-driven anti-racist initiatives. They believe their email may have been the basis for the anti-racist workshops Minerva announced on June 25. Nelson’s email does not indicate the origin of the idea; after reading this article, he told the Quest that the workshops predated the students’ proposal. Paglione and Pilla said their concerns about a lack of student-centered work remained after the workshops were announced — for example, Pilla noted there are few details on how much commitment is expected, which may discourage busy students from participating.  Pilla was also concerned that “Minerva has absolutely no reason (as far as I can see) to implement systemic reforms regarding anti-racism, beyond [wanting] to do the right thing and [knowing that] the world is watching.” She said that the group of students asked Minerva to hire a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion professional to financially invest in anti-racist work and create more external accountability for institutional change.  Some of the Precedent participants also mentioned the importance of holding Minerva accountable to the lofty ideals discussed in the sessions. Bastos told the Quest that, while he personally benefited from Precedent, “whether or not I participate [in a similar event] again depends on whether it turns out to have been a placating, performative allyship endeavor or whether we have evidence of real, sustainable change after it.” Several students questioned the feasibility of any significant institutional change within Minerva. Kroner described the college as “anti-anti-racist, not necessarily because it is invested in actual racism, but because it buys into the systems that uphold racism — our capitalist, consumerist, and very American structures.” Kate was concerned about Minerva’s Silicon Valley origins and the resulting “neoliberal logic that sees students as products.” She believes “we are being taught to fit ourselves into the status quo without learning where and when to resist coercive structures and reimagine new futures.” “Black, Indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC) students are not alone, white and otherwise privileged students and community members have an active role to play as co-liberators, and we are not free until all of us are free.” When asked about future anti-racist work at Minerva, many students told the Quest that they saw the most potential in “grassroots” work that focuses on the staff, faculty, and peers they interact with every day. Kate highlighted the responsibility of students when she told the Quest she wanted the Minerva community to know “that Black, Indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC) students are not alone, that white and otherwise privileged students and community members have an active role to play as co-liberators, and that we are not free until all of us are free.” A recent example of student-led anti-racist action is an Instagram account created by SOAR to provide “insights on racism and the experiences of Minervans.” They invite students to submit their uncomfortable questions about race, which the team will research and answer on their feed. Additionally, Kate and Paglione are leading a Quest initiative to survey students about their experiences with racism in Minerva.  Nelson suggested other actions individual students can take to make Minerva more inclusive, such as recruiting Black American students, designing capstones and tutorials that focus on racism, or working to build a community free of discrimination. After students act on their own, Nelson told the Quest, they can then “do the hard work necessary to understand why conditions are as they are and what it will take to address them within the constraints in which they exist. Perhaps most importantly, have the humility to celebrate the work that others are doing to fight racism even if you would have done so in a different way.”   One of the most important things every student can do, according to Mqamelo, is stepping up to call each other out and have difficult conversations when they witness racism. “Within our immediate community, if racism is an issue we need to be vocal about it,” she said. “Complaining in hindsight [online] isn’t being vocal. We need all people to have a conversation, understand, and then move on.” The Quest will continue reporting on Minerva staff and student anti-racist efforts; currently, we are collecting survey results about experiences with racism in Minerva. We are committed to making the Quest an accessible platform for all students, faculty, and staff. We are open to anonymous work as long as it meets our journalistic standards. If it is easier, you can also tell your story via an oral interview instead of writing an article. As always, we encourage anyone interested in sharing their experience to reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]), or another Quest editor.  Update: This article was updated to include a link to details on the Minerva Project and Paul Quinn College partnership after they were announced on July 9. Correction: The location of Paul Quinn College was corrected. It is in Dallas, not Austin. Correction: A quote from Erin Paglione was revised to clarify that Paglione is speaking on behalf of herself, rather than all three students who publicly criticized Precedent, and to ensure that the tone of the quote aligns with her intentions in writing the opinion piece: “I thought it was important to point out that I could tell just from the framing of the events that I would not be satisfied by them.” Correction: This piece was updated to include Ben Nelson’s clarification of the origin of the anti-racist workshops: “after reading this article, he told the Quest that the workshops predated the students’ proposal.” Correction: This piece was updated to clarify that both Kate Tanha and Erin Paglione, rather than just Kate, are leading the Quest initiative to report on racism in Minerva. 
 Can places for the deceased also be places for the living? In many cultures worldwide the topic of death and everything surrounding it is still avoided, stigmatized, or tabooed. Otto Rank hypothesized that society builds protective mechanisms that prevent us from coming to terms with our mortality and Freud suggested that the reason taboos about death persist is the ghosts of the dead we are afraid of. Once the realization of death is put to the back of one’s mind, cemeteries become a direct representation of something that sparks fear — accepting one’s human nature and its mortality. In addition, the mixture of urban legends, myths, superstitions, and local gossip about the use of cemeteries for the practice of black magic, alcohol, or drug abuse creates a distasteful image. Nevertheless, the history of cemeteries proves that being near the dead was not always feared or avoided.  Are there ways to reintegrate cemeteries into our urban landscape? And if so, what are the challenges we must tackle along the way?  Now let’s rewind to the part of history that can explain the emergence of cemeteries as we know them today. Victorians and their “Art of Dying” saw cemeteries as places for reflection that often attracted visitors for excursions. After the Industrial Revolution in Europe and after 1831 in the USA, cemeteries on the outskirts of cities and villages started to appear. Of course, we had cemeteries before then, but due to the growing population and increasing risks of disease, cemeteries in city centers or near churches were closed to new burials or purposefully moved.  Rural or garden cemeteries that emerged in the mid-19th century in Europe and the USA did not resemble typical cemeteries: these vast territories looked a lot like public parks and even offered recreational activities. One could visit mausoleums or admire art and sculptures while being surrounded by greenery. Once actual public parks gained popularity, the need for garden cemeteries decreased and they lost their civic function.  There are two main paradigms we can use to analyze cemeteries as part of the built urban environment. Symbolic-Interactionism looks at the world we each create when assigning meaning to objects and interactions. For instance, placing flowers on graves has become so common that often when asked for the reason for such a small gesture, we cannot find the answer. For some, flowers are a symbol of life or respect and others bring them to show the remembrance of those who have passed. A symbolic-interactionist would say that cemeteries gained their social and cultural significance because they present a way for our society to maintain the bond between the living and the deceased with “what people do and the objects they deposit”.  Structural-Functionalism focuses on how society works at a macro scale. It addresses morals, traditions, or laws to understand how they shape social life. Let’s use the previous example of bringing flowers to the graveyards. The burial processes and their specifics are intertwined with customs, religious beliefs, morals, and rituals, changing from country to country and religion to religion. In the USA, people often bring flowers to cemeteries as a tribute to those who died in military service on Memorial Day, an official national holiday. Followers of Judaism traditionally place stones on graves instead of flowers to show the “permanence of memory.” These practices originated from different meanings we assign to objects associated with the dead. Structural-Functionalism shows how the cultural and religious norms form our social relations which, once an individual is deceased, continue in the form of cemeteries.  Thus, these paradigms complement each other: Symbolic-Interactionism explains the significance of our everyday actions and Structural-Functionalism describes how these daily interactions form traditions, rules, or customs specific for particular nations or religions. They both explain cemeteries as irreplaceable parts of the urban landscape that hold memorial, cultural, and historical significance. Once we understand their importance, everything becomes clear: rethinking cemeteries is the first step towards reintegrating them into our lives. When we think about public spaces, we imagine parks, markets, and streets. We create experiences, share values, and build relationships in these locations. Despite the desires of urban planners and architects, it is city dwellers who define what deserves to be a public space and what does not.  The fact that cemeteries became so secluded from the rest of the city (due to the zoning practices of locating cemeteries on the outskirts or the taboo that’s been created around them throughout history) showcases the need to reintegrate cemeteries into our urban landscape. City planners as well as residents are responsible for managing these public spaces in modern reality. It takes a motivated community to get started. Public spaces are essential drivers of change, interaction, and unity for any community. Cemeteries also hold that potential. By bringing people of different ethnic and religious backgrounds together, they provide space for urban diversity. Cemeteries allow for a spectrum of experiences and if we allow them to regain their recreational nature, everyone will be able to find something of interest there. Imagine a typical cemetery. Would you consider it a public space? Why or why not? Answering these questions can uncover not only your current stance but also provide expectations for what the cemeteries should look like in the future.  Now let’s see what functions cemeteries have in modern reality and if those are similar to the qualities of a public space: This is some functionality, but can we add to it?  An issue we have with current cemeteries is the space they take up. Pay once — stay forever does not hold true anymore in a world that wants to continually grow in size, since there is only so much land. Modern urban planners and designers have already thought of how to revamp cemeteries. Their solutions include skyscraper cemeteries, green and coral reef burials, floating island cemeteries, and transforming bodies into light to illuminate the graveyard. Something that has been done with “traditional” cemeteries is the introduction of rental burial space, where a slot can be rented for varying time frames. Such reusing practices are now popular in England, Greece, Germany, and Portugal.  The question that arises from the discussion above is: How can we work with the current state of cemeteries to increase their public recreational quality? Here is what we can do: The contestation on how to use traditional cemeteries will go on. The solution I see is to break the stigma around cemeteries because they are the unique holders of culture, history, and values. By “activating” these places and involving them in our everyday lives, we begin the process of normalizing death, which in turn assists in seeing it as a part of our life — not a taboo we avoid. And once we understand that there is a due date for our lives, we can start to add meaning and put more effort into it.  Careful intentional actions can bring life back to cemeteries and back to us.
 This article is the second in a series on students’ refusal to attend the upcoming Precedent talks. You can read the first piece by Amulya Pilla (M’22) here and the third by Erin Paglione (M’21) here.  Dear Minerva, I will not attend Precedent, and if you bear with me, I would like to give you a broader justification for why.  The vapid way you have branded the event — “Precedent” / “ideas precede action” — already signals a completely whitewashed take on the issue. Discussions that I support and where I have felt invited, as a person of color, as a person passionate about fighting for the rights of marginalized people, and as a Black Lives Matter (BLM) ally have made their fight very explicit. They centered underserved voices by explicitly saying, “What We Must Do to Dismantle White Supremacy” or “Black & Asian Solidarity in NYC: What We’ve Learned” or “Black, Dalit, and Sheedi Solidarities”, branding those events with the perspectives and images of Black, Indigenous and People of Color (BIPOC) instead of taking it as an opportunity to promote their product (i.e., your curriculum and HCs) or platform (i.e., the Forum). But of course, this is not just about images and titles and promotions. I have witnessed many instances of Minerva as an institution missing opportunities to create inclusive spaces, which discourage me from thinking that Precedent will be any different. A by-no-means-exhaustive list that comes to mind includes:  I have witnessed many instances of Minerva as an institution missing opportunities to create inclusive spaces, which discourage me from thinking that Precedent will be any different. Given the facts that we have always been from diverse backgrounds as a community, and that racial prejudice has always been a problem, and that racism in our community goes beyond just conversations around the BLM movement, I am not convinced that the timing and format of Precedent is sufficient. A simple google search would show you that there are plenty of professional community builders (of BIPOC backgrounds) that you could have called on to help build an inclusive community from the start of first-year or that you can count on to train us on allyship, solidarity, and resistance appropriately, but this has NOT been the case. My time is limited and valuable as I have summer internships. I cannot do the hard work of fitting my experiences, learning, and critique within Precedent’s format for the sake of this event and Minerva’s narrative as an institution. This is not meant to be a complaint or allegation, so I hope you will not interpret it that way. This is simply a note about my refusal to participate in the conversation.  Thank you for your time and consideration.  Sincerely, Kate A shoutout to Anne Germanacos for asking me what I was afraid of.
 This article is part of a Quest series reporting on financial aid at Minerva. Disclaimer: All contributing writers signed the petition and/or participated in the Day of Action. We strive to represent all sides here but want to acknowledge our personal bias in favor of the Day of Action demands. ASM moderated a financial aid town hall on Friday, April 17, following the Day of Action that Monday which called for changes to some of Minerva’s financial aid practices. The senior team and relevant staff were present to answer student questions. The student organizers of the Day of Action created and shared a set of six “demands” – most dealing with transparency and prompt communication and one requesting the hiring of an additional financial aid staff member.  The full set of demands can be viewed with a minerva.kgi.edu email. A town hall was promptly scheduled to address student questions and demands live, and the senior team also released an initial written response. Before the meeting, ASM compiled a list of questions submitted by students which can be viewed with a minerva.kgi.edu email.  The goal of the meeting was to further address the Day of Action demands and student questions; it was explicitly stated that it would not be a forum for individual concerns.  The meeting was open to all currently enrolled students. Around 217 students and staff attended the Zoom call, according to ASM members. Ben Nelson and Nikolaus Pelka, Minerva’s Chief Financial Officer as of November 2019, answered the bulk of the 11 questions presented.  The session lasted for just over one and a half hours. Questions addressed Manifest costs and refunds, unannounced increases in loans, transparency and communication, and the implications of COVID-19 on refunds and costs. Students upvoted follow-up questions during the event, with ASM members both keeping track of time and presenting questions.  After the town hall, the senior team sent out a written response to some of the unanswered questions (can be viewed with a minerva.kgi.edu email). The full recording of the town hall can be viewed here with the password previously shared with enrolled students.  Timestamps in parentheses indicate the approximate times when a topic was discussed. There were several questions about Manifest costs including M’20 loan increases and refunds due to the event going remote (12:45), overall Manifest costs (53:10), and Manifest work-study (1:14:15). Regarding refunds, Nelson and Pelka explained that the family contribution is the “anchor” for a student’s financial aid package and that the scholarship is flexible.  So, refunds would be applied to a student’s scholarship first and they would not receive a refund for Manifest unless the refund amount exceeds the scholarship amount. When asked about why loans were included in that area of ‘no refunds,’ Pelka and Nelson claimed loans were not used to cover Manifest costs.  For their first three years, M’20 had $2,950 in loans per year but in the 2019-2020 school year, their loans were increased to $4,950, the same amount as the other classes.  M’20 had assumed that the loan increase was due to the increased cost of the fourth year because of Manifest, but Nelson and Pelka said that it was unrelated. They did not address why this explanation of the M’20 loan increase was not formally communicated to the class at any point before the town hall. They also clarified that much of the costs for Manifest are unrelated to in-person programming and therefore could not be refunded.  This includes salaries for faculty and staff and the cost of printing diplomas to be sent to M’20s after graduation. Nelson expressed interest in collaborating with students to come up with ideas to lower costs, including graduation costs. Previously, Minerva made a commitment to cap the total loan amount at $20,000.  This commitment is still present on some parts of the Minerva website and the hub. However, financial aid packages for M’21’s fourth year (2020-2021 school year) included a $7,950 loan, an increase from the $4,950 amount for the previous three years.  For a student who accepts all loans as part of their financial package, their total debt would rise to $22,000, breaking the $20,000 loan cap promise. During the town hall, Nelson explained that this increase occurred because Minerva cannot afford to continue meeting this loan cap while also providing adequate aid to future students (28:00).  He did not address why this change was not formally communicated to students. The Tuition & Aid page on the Minerva website was updated the day before the town hall to reflect a $22,000 loan cap.  Nelson explained that the Minerva website may be out of date because the Minerva staff do not continually read the entire website. Nelson and Pelka did not directly address a follow-up question on the ethicality of breaking the commitment to a $20,000 loan ceiling in the town hall or in a document released after the meeting that answered additional student questions (accessible with a minerva.kgi.edu email).  They did note that students don’t have to take out loans, so the loan ceiling is technically optional. When asked if more staff would be added to the financial aid team to both ease strain on the team and increase efficacy (57:45), Nelson and Pelka brought up concerns about administrative costs, which is the reason Minerva runs on a thin team. In the response to the student demands document, the senior team explained “every employee who would cost $100,000 (salary, benefits, travel, expenses, etc) would cost every undergraduate another $150 per year.” Minerva currently has one staff member, Melissa Morgenstern, who works on financial aid full-time. Pelka, Minerva’s Chief Financial Officer, and work-study students also assist with financial aid. In regards to transparency and communication, Nelson claimed that most relevant information can be found on the Hub or Minerva’s website and that this should be the first place that students look when they have questions about financial aid (1:00:05).  He added that this would lower the work-load for financial aid staff. In response to a question about how students can more accurately convey their financial need in the aid application and appeal, Nelson explained that Minerva does not release how they calculate the family contribution so that students cannot “game the system” (1:12:10).  This is the same rationale for why Minerva does not release their admissions formula.  Nelson said that there have been cases of students being dishonest or misleading in their financial aid applications that have prompted investigations and reductions of aid.   The final question Nelson addressed was about communication (1:26:00).  Students felt that the staff should communicate topics of finances and financial aid with more concern for student hardships and honest explanation of Minerva’s constraints  .  In response, Nelson said that students also needed to work on their tone when communicating to staff and the senior team.  He claimed that the Day of Action was ineffective, despite the partial success of initiating a town hall, and that students should not have phrased their message to the senior team as “demands.” When an ASM moderator and another student clarified that the question was about staff communication, not student communication, Nelson responded that he was using this as a teaching opportunity to point out where students can improve their use of certain HCs. In the last ten minutes of the town hall, James Lyda, Minerva’s Dean of Students at the time, and Pelka said that Minerva is working on its student-facing communications to have more effective interactions and productive conversations. There was widespread frustration during and immediately after the town hall, especially in regards to the responses to questions about the loan cap increase and staff communication.  Several students asked to hear more responses from Morgenstern and Pelka instead of Nelson during the town hall, as they are the two staff members who work most closely on financial aid. Nelson told the Quest: “Town halls are an imperfect medium but I think it was broadly effective. … One area which continues to trouble me is that some of the questions were asked from what felt like an assumption of us having bad intent. I thought those were counterproductive to the goals of the meeting. … I do wish we can come up with a format to make them [town halls] a bit more collaborative and effective–an approach of understanding constraints and goals ahead of time and a process by which systematic proposals would be offered as options rather than critiquing one aspect or another in isolation.” Nebraska Grayson, an M’21 student and one of the Day of Action organizers, told the Quest: “I thought that the town hall was productive in the sense that it allowed students to get direct answers from administration rather than through the ASM. … Still, I was a bit disappointed with the answers. … I didn’t feel like the response from the administration that they will sometimes break promises was sufficient. They need to be honest and provide a foundation of support that is dependable.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with financial aid at Minerva, please reach out to me at [email protected] or Emma Stiefel at [email protected]. 
 This Meekly article is a piece of satirical fiction, not a factual report. Due to safety concerns amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Minerva Schools at KGI made the difficult decision to hold all classes for the Fall 2020 semester online. While the school claims to be fully equipped to handle this change, the decision has not come without backlash from students. Many students are lobbying for reduced tuition for the upcoming year as they will not have access to all of the resources available on campus if they take virtual classes. This includes the library and gym, although the school is planning to operate the cafeteria remotely by having a virtual buffet for students to spend meal points on. Mani Reva said, “It’s unbelievable. I don’t want to pay full tuition for online classes. This is not what I signed up for!”  “I don’t want to pay full tuition for online classes. This is not what I signed up for!” Students have also seen their work study earnings cut, preventing some from sending the money they earn cleaning kitchen sinks back to their families. As of right now, no tuition reduction proposals have been approved, although the school is charging students an additional $500 to support remote meditation sessions. Despite the outrage, most students are planning on attending fall classes. Tommy Minervan, an electrical engineering student at Minerva, spoke with us about his experience taking online classes when the pandemic first hit. “Yeah, I just scrolled through Facebook and Instagram instead of paying attention in class.” Tommy and many other students find online learning difficult, especially when it comes to staying focused in class. “Occasionally we play drinking games without the professors knowing. Or maybe they do know —  sometimes they seem like they’re playing too.”  Parents and students alike are worried that the switch to virtual classes will lower the quality of education at Minerva. Professor Kukistan, however, assures us that the staff and faculty are working to make sure that isn’t the case. “We literally haven’t changed anything. This fall students will have the same online education they’ve had every other semester they’ve attended Minerva.” A difficult claim to live up to, given this radical shift to virtual classrooms. “We literally haven’t changed anything” Professors at Minerva, including Professor Kukistan, will be teaching classes this fall on the Forum, a Zoom alternative. Forum developers have worked hard to create an online learning environment that has slightly less functionality than its aforementioned rival. Students have loved seeing changes to the Forum and can’t imagine how much happier they’ll be when they find out the next feature being removed (hint: it has to do with shifting). While the school administration insists that the quality of the classroom experience will undergo no changes, there are some new policy changes. Since ICE policies towards international students have undergone several recent changes, a new initiative has been created to pair up US citizen students with international students in order to obtain K-1, rather than F-1, visas.  Under this new policy, students will have 90 days to pair up with at least one other student, whom they must marry in order to attend classes. The staff neither confirms nor denies that the inspiration for this policy came from the hit television series 90 Day Fiance.  Due to the skewed ratio towards international students, however, Minerva is now lobbying for the legalization of polygamous marriage in the United States so that they can maintain their coveted 20:80 US to international students enrolled.  Robin Goldberg, a retired member of the Minerva Senior Team, is spearheading the movement at the capitol. She tells us “With this policy, Minervans will never have to worry about travel restrictions during school, or months of waiting for embassy appointments. If immigration services won’t accommodate our international students, we will push forward to accommodate them ourselves.” Students and parents are lucky to have such a caring individual still fighting on their behalf. Meekly interviewed several students to gauge their reactions to this new policy. Most students seem open to these changes and still excited to attend Minerva Schools in the fall. A student told us “I’m surprised they didn’t do this sooner. We were all having orgies anyways.” Hopefully students will manage to stay focused and safe in their online classes and new — potentially polygamous — marriages this coming semester.
 With three months to go before the beginning of the school year, incoming and returning students are working, traveling and seeing friends and family before the coming departure for the next city.  In addition to serving as a much-needed break from school, the summer months provide ample time to read.  The following is the Quest’s take on a summer reading list for Minerva students: 
 Liberty Pim (M’20) created this podcast series for her Capstone project about the ethical implications of technological progress. Episode 2 and 3 are also under “Podcasts”  
https://www.minervaquest.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Ep-1-FINAL.mp3Podcast: DownloadSubscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More In this episode, Liberty uses the hidden stories behind the Luddite rebellion to launch a discussion about how we interpret technological progress, urging the listener to question how we remember history, and why. She places the problems of endorsing sacrifice for the ‘greater good’ into sharp relief by investigating how far a utilitarian mindset can hold up against extreme suffering, and finally, she talks to George – an entrepreneur trying to resolve the ethical conflict of innovation and efficiency versus protecting jobs.
 Liberty Pim (M’20) created this podcast series for her Capstone project about the ethical implications of technological progress. Episode 2 and 3 are also under “Podcasts” 
https://www.minervaquest.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Episode-2-draft.mp3Podcast: DownloadSubscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More In this episode, Liberty investigates what is really at stake when we talk about privacy violations in the digital age. She goes back to the 19th century to investigate how the technological revolution of telephones, recording devices, and instant cameras influenced legal privacy protections, and see what’s different in the information age.
 Liberty Pim (M’20) created this podcast series for her Capstone project about the ethical implications of technological progress. Episode 2 and 3 are also under “Podcasts”  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More In this episode, Liberty looks into the creation of monsters. Starting with how Mary Shelley dreamed up Frankenstein’s monster, she reveals how an innocent idea can turn sour, making the link between Tim Berners Lee and the evolution of the World Wide Web. Powerful tech platforms have become the monsters of today, and, in this podcast, we explore why. 
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More From going home after being away for so long to sustaining a relationship with friends from afar, this podcast will cover the difficulties that often come as we move and alter our definitions of home.
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, Klara talks about the complicated feelings of leaving a semester and going back to her parents’ house, fitting in, and what home really means.
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, we get a little personal. Klara talks about the process of winding down after a tough year and about dealing with big changes at home.
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, we join Anda Yoshina (M20) in her exploration of home in small-town USA as she ponders over who gets to call something home, and who doesn’t.
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, we join Amelia Kroner (M’20) in her exploration of home. Kroner talks about her road “home” to her name, and how she started dealing with what was holding her back. 
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, Klara reflects on the constant disappointment that is time allocation and productivity, as well as thoughts about diving into the last sprint of the Minerva degree. 
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More This time on Coming and Going, Klara talks about getting home, feeling lonely, and missing friends, but also about how it’s important that we all reach out for support during this time. CALL: Help others feel less lonely and isolated by being featured on Coming and Going! Interested? Reach out to Klara on Facebook or email. 
 Explore the complex relationships we all have with “home” in this podcast by Minerva class of 2020 student, Klara Eriksson.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More
 Join Klara Eriksson (2020) as she explores the history of Argentina with and through the eyes of Sofia Camussi (2020). This episode is a part of Klara’s podcast series: Collecting Histories. Where she takes the listener on a journey through the history of the countries of different Minerva students.  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | RSS
 This is the first episode of Ikigai – a student-let podcast where students from Minerva Schools at KGI share a topic that they love and know quite a bit about, hosted by Julia Minichelli (class of 2020). In this first episode, Julia talks with Olaf (Class of 2020) about cause prioritization. Wanna know more about the podcast? Read here: http://bit.ly/IkigaiPodcast  Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | RSS Want to be the next guest or recommend someone as a guest? Fill this form: http://bit.ly/ParticipationFormIkigai Resources recommended by Olaf: Feedback? If you are interested in giving any feedback on how can I improve in this new podcast life, feel free to email [email protected]
 This is the first episode of Call Me L. I’ve always believed that identity is a choice, that, ultimately, what you choose to do defines who you are. But recently I’ve been feeling like an imposter, like my identity is an illusion,  because I’ve been choosing to do what I think is right for all the wrong reasons. Call Me L is a podcast about finding your authentic self when you’re terrified of not being good enough. Join me each Tuesday for a 20-minute rundown of my attempts to a) be vulnerable, b) talk about identity, and c) figure out who the hell I am – while getting my pre-readings done on time.  Whether you’re struggling with your own insecurities and want to know that you’re not alone or just wondering why I’m roaming the res hall with a microphone, this is the podcast for you. For more info: https://callmel.co
 Evolution of Minerva is a podcast exploring how Minerva has changed from the class of 2019 to the class of 2022. The first episode focused on the admissions process and featured Tanzila Bhuiya (M’22) and Snehan Kekre (M’19). The full transcript is available below. If you listened to the episode and want to share your own thoughts about how the admissions process has changed, if you have another question or subject you’d like the podcast to explore, or if you just have general feedback, please leave a comment through this form. Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More Emma: Hello, and welcome to the Evolution of Minerva podcast! I’m your host, Emma Stiefel.  E: This podcast explores how Minerva Schools at KGI has changed over the first few years of its existence. In each episode, I pair up a student from the class of 2019 with one from the class of 2022 to talk about how their experiences compare to each other.  E: This first episode focuses on the admissions process. Tanzila Bhuiya, a 2022 student from Bangladesh, will share her very recent experience with applying to Minerva. Snehan Kekre, a 2019 student from India, will have to remember all the way back to when he applied in 2015. Snehan has also worked for Minerva as an admissions processor, helping to preprocess applications for evaluation. E: I edited Tanzila and Snehan’s conversation for length and clarity. Here they are! Tanzila: I’m Tanzila, I’m from Bangladesh, and I’m an M’22. I enrolled myself this year, I’m a freshman. Right now I’m in San Francisco enjoying my first semester, and things are pretty much going well.  Snehan: Hi, thanks for having me firstly, especially on your first episode. I’m Snehan from the class of 2019, which is not the Founding Class though we are on the same year now. I got here through, what’s the word I’m looking for, nontraditional means. I heard about Minerva through a Reddit surprisingly, there was I think an Atlantic article on the news subreddit, and Reddit, if your listeners are not fully aware, is a message board where topics get upvoted or downvoted based on their popularity. So there was this news subreddit that I was going through in 2015. The headline of the post said something like online education being redefined, Harvard-level education for the masses, something like that, It had “online” and it had “higher ed” and it had “reinventing,” all those buzzwords together, and it got a lot of downvotes. I clicked on it to see what was getting all the hate, and it turned out to be Minerva, when it was just starting out in 2014. That’s how I heard about it, we can go over the rest later.  T: Wow I have so many questions right now, but I’ll just talk about myself. When I was trying to enroll myself, I knew so many Minervans and they were very accomplished. I was like, “Wow, they must be going to some good universities.” I saw #Minerva, #Minervalife, bla bla bla, global experience. I was like, “Ok wow, they’re in different cities.” So I clicked on the Minerva website and the website is amazing, whenever I talk about Minerva I’m like, “You must visit the website, this is one of the best things about Minerva.” So I’m like, “Ok this is online,” and that’s what struck me as, yeah, it might be a scam. Because how can a university take you to seven different cities, and they’re some of the best cities? So I kept researching. I asked the seniors, like Antonio, he’s an M’20. I asked him, “Is it real? Do you really go to the university? Or are you just working for it?” He was like, “How could you say that, it’s a real university.” I thought, “Ok, let me just apply.” I didn’t tell anyone because I thought that other people were all so accomplished and I did nothing, so I won’t get it. I just randomly applied and the application process was really long, I don’t know how I got in but I’m grateful.  S: Did your parents have anything to say about Minerva though?  T: No, the only thing that’s good about my parents is that they were quite independent in this case. They didn’t stop me from applying to different places. When I got my acceptance letter, the first thing my father said was, “It’s not real, why would they take you?” I was like, “Oh my gosh, that’s so embarrassing! How could you say that, why would they take me?” He was like, “You did nothing, it’s the USA.” Because from my country, people really don’t go to the USA because it’s quite expensive and really competitive and stuff. My father’s like, “You should check.” He got so many bad influences from people saying, “Maybe it’s a scam, don’t enroll your daughter, that’s a lot of money, who takes classes online?” I was like, “Ok, I can just take my classes from my bed, that’s the best thing ever.” So that’s how it worked. But I want to ask you something, based on Reddit, how can you enroll yourself? That’s so weird! S: Yeah, I guess with partial information it seems weird. It’s weird even with the full picture. I was enrolled in a bachelor’s degree back in India, I was doing physics, chemistry, and math. This was I think 2015, just around the start of 2015, and I had always had an interest in watching lectures online, taking MOOC courses, MIT Opencourseware, EdX, Coursera, the whole spectrum. What I saw in my own college back home was that it was not the sort of experience that I really wanted for myself. It seemed like going to an orthodox traditional school for four years again. I really tried to reflect on what I want from my life, and it seemed like four years of being told what to do and not having a lot of flexibility wasn’t really my jam. I was looking for a way out, but there wasn’t really a program that I was comfortable with. Minerva seemed to fit all those aspects, though it wasn’t set in stone in terms of having alumni behind it, a really grand name, and all those factors. What really stood out to me was what Minerva stood for in terms of their values. First they wanted their admissions process to be democratic in that everyone is allowed to participate. The first thing you notice on their application is that they don’t charge any fee. At the same time, I was applying to many different colleges in the US, a lot of the Ivies, and most of them go through this portal called Common App, and the bills there can rack up. Like every application, regardless of whether you’re getting in or not, is $70-90. And that was one of the first attractive properties, that I can apply to this crazy school and I have nothing to lose but I potentially have something to gain.  T: This part is quite the same, because when I was doing my Common App I was like, “Which is cheaper?” Because in Common App there are certain levels, and then after that you have to pay. That’s another reason I thought it was a scam, because you don’t have to pay. I was like, “How come it’s a US university and you don’t have to pay for the application fees?” And the application was really, really long. I wanted to ask another thing, back in your time was there four parts like ours? We did exams, about you, accomplishments, then there was another part that was like a live interview.  S: Firstly, you made me feel really old by saying back in my time. It was just a few years ago. But it does seem that way. But it was even more nontraditional and rough for the Founding Class, because apparently Minerva’s admissions process wasn’t robust or skilled enough, their product was not developed enough, so they had a lot of interviews over Skype I believe. That was only for the Founding Class and the process took a couple of days, whereas when it came to my year they did it pretty much as it is now but just not as polished on the website. You had to create an account and it was kind of the same workflow. There were three overriding main sections, one is about who you are so there’s demographic information, and then how you think, so they have these cognitive tests, there’s a bit of math. T: Yeah math, English, IQ, some situation and comprehensive skills, yeah, that was pretty much the same. When you applied, did you have this outreach opportunity where the senior will interact with you and say, “If you have this problem, talk to me, bla bla bla?” S: Really interesting question. Yeah, I hadn’t thought of it in all these years. Initially I saw it on Reddit, I started the application, and I got an email saying thank you for starting the application, and there was also a letter from Ben Nelson I think, just a generic one of his vision for Minerva and stuff. As I was going along the application, at some point a founding student reached out to me, he’s still at Minerva in London currently, his name is Guillaume, he said he’s a student and someone I can count on if I had questions about life at Minerva. But at the same time I was really skeptical, I don’t know who Guillaume is, I certainly didn’t give him my email or contact details, and he reached out to me on Facebook, so I kind of blocked him. That is what I did.  T: That is hilarious! Why did you do that?  S: I dont know. I was in a weird place and Minerva was a weird school, so yeah. I said, “Ok, this is weird, I’ve never seen this sort of application, I’m trying to figure out uses for a broom on the fly, and now someone’s reached out to me on Facebook.” It was a really surreal experience. And I’ve heard this come up in a lot of conversations with various Minerva students, where the first reaction for the parent is really of skepticism, and the word “scam” keeps coming up, because it seems too good to be true, right? You have a social sciences dean from Harvard as your main dean, you have all these different professors who are not tenured but are still willing to teach, you get to go to all these different countries and have a global experience, and on top of that the application is free. So there must be a catch here, and maybe you are the catch, they’re going to exploit you, you go to the US. So yeah, a lot of parents have this concern. I guess since a lot of them have it, it’s valid to be addressed, and that I feel like is one of the factors that Minerva has to overcome in terms of marketing and outreach. How do you reach out to students that need you but also have these constraints where their social environment might not be really conducive?  T: So in my time, when I started applying, oh my god so many seniors reached out. I was getting so many automated emails from 2019, 2020, and 2021. I was like, “Wow, oh my god, maybe Minerva’s giving me attention.” I was super happy, and then one of my friends, I influenced him to apply, he was like, “Hey, you know what? I got mail from Minerva!” And I was like, “Oh, you did as well? That’s a turnoff!” Then I kept asking my seniors, “What if my electricity is gone in the middle of the exam? What if my phone keeps ringing in the middle of the exam, will they expel me?” I kept emailing Minerva, and after some time I thought that maybe Minerva is going to expel me because I keep emailing them a lot. And then there was a lady named Emma Noizumi right, she’s such an amazing person, she said, “If you want a one-on-one with me you can.” Then we had a Zoom interaction and I told her about the situation in Asia, that there is an electricity problem and we don’t know how to deal with it, and at that time I didn’t have a personal laptop so I had to go through a struggle. But somehow I managed. When choosing Minerva, I really, really researched a lot about if it’s a scam. I did a background search of Ben on LinkedIn. And Kenn Ross, he’s amazing, so I talked to him, we had a video conference on Twitter and he showed up, so that means it’s real. Then I told my parents, “Did you know there’s a professor from Harvard?” And they were like, “Oh, how can a Harvard professor teach in some university that is literally new?” Still, in my case it was quite good because we had so many over accomplished seniors and they’re doing really well. But maybe in your time, you guys are like seniors to us, and you guys were just getting started at that time, so it must be very difficult for you to choose Minerva, that Minerva keeps saying that it’s just an experiment, you guys might do good might not, so it must have been tougher for you than for me.  S: Yeah, perhaps from your perspective I can see how it must have been unnerving for the past students given that there was not a solid grounding on which Minerva was built. But also the technical issues, I had a ton of technical issues applying to Minerva, they required bandwidth for the videos, and I also shared your concerns of, “Oh crap, I’m not going to get into Minerva thanks to my slow internet.” What remains constant over the years is that Minerva and their staff really care about their students and will go seemingly out of their way to make it work. So for you they reached out via email, and then you had a Zoom conference though you were not a student back then.  T: Yeah, exactly, that’s another thing that’s different. How can a staff reach out to you and talk to you even though you are not a student of Minerva? That’s quite interesting.  S: Yeah, so that was something that really stood out to me. Though they were not credentialed in the way that other colleges are, they really seem to care about the individual behind the application. And Kenn Ross, the Managing Director of Asia at that time, also reached out to me and said, “Hey, I see you started your application process but you haven’t logged in for these many days, what is up, can I help you, do you need questions answered, are there concerns that your parents or immediate family have?” Though I was really skeptical of Minerva at that time, this allowed me to ease into the idea of Minerva and say, “Ok, maybe this won’t work out but at least I know that there are people in there who care about the mission and the student body.”  T: How come you don’t need any ACT or ILS? At least ILS is so basic, you need it. But I literally emailed Minerva twice just to make sure, “You’re sure I don’t need ILS exam for this?” And they’re like, “No, you don’t have to.” After giving the exam I realized, because they have their own voice interviews section, so yeah that’s why they don’t need ILS. But yeah this is so cool, because there are some people in my country, giving ILS exam is really expensive. So it’s open for everyone, even if you haven’t sat for the ILS exam you are good to go and just do well. That’s awesome! S: Yeah, another reason why they don’t have these standardized tests is to reduce the barrier of entry. All of these tests cost a lot of money, and many people, I’m not saying all but a large section of people who excel at these tests, have had prior training and that training doesn’t come for free, you need to pay for tutors and they get really expensive. So Minerva is trying to reach as wide of a net of students as possible, regardless of their socioeconomic status or background, and they care solely about merit and are really analytical in their admissions process.  T: As Ben said, everything is intentional. Minerva does everything intentionally.  E: And that concludes the first episode of this podcast! Thanks again to Snehan and Tanzila for coordinating across busy schedules and a 14 hour time difference to make this conversation happen.  E: Next episode, we’ll focus on how academics at Minerva have changed over the past four years. E: If you’re still listening, thanks! This podcast is a work in progress, and I’m hoping it will grow and get better as the year goes on. I especially want to incorporate as much feedback from you, the broader Minerva community, as possible. If you have insights of your own to share, if there’s something you’ve been wondering about how Minerva is now or how it used to be, or if you have any general feedback, let me know! Fill out the survey linked to on the web page for this episode. I’d love to hear from you! E: Now we’re actually at the end! Once again, I’m Emma Stiefel, and this is the Evolution of Minerva podcast. E: This podcast is a Minerva Quest production. It was written, edited, and produced by me, Emma Stiefel. Music is Balloons Rising and Mosey by A. A. Aalto.  E: Thanks for listening!
 Evolution of Minerva is a podcast exploring how Minerva has changed from the class of 2019 to the class of 2022. This episode focused on all things related to academics and features Mark Ndoli (M’22) and Michael Yang (M’19).  If you listened to the episode and want to share your own thoughts about how academics at Minerva have changed, if you have another question or subject you’d like the podcast to explore, or if you just have general feedback, please leave a comment through this form. Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More
 Evolution of Minerva is a podcast exploring how Minerva has changed from the class of 2019 to the class of 2022. This episode is on all things related to city immersion and features Idriss Beniss (M’22) and Vesi Nedelcheva (M’19).  If you listened to the episode and want to share your own thoughts about how city immersion at Minerva has changed, if you have another question or subject you’d like the podcast to explore, or if you just have general feedback, please leave a comment through this form. Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More
 Evolution of Minerva is a podcast exploring how Minerva has changed over the past few years. This episode focused on student community development at Minerva and featured Ibukun Aribilola (M’22) and Eric Lin (M’20).  If you listened to the episode and want to share your own thoughts about how academics at Minerva have changed, if you have another question or subject you’d like the podcast to explore, or if you just have general feedback, please leave a comment through this form. Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More
 Evolution of Minerva is a podcast exploring how Minerva has changed over the past few years. This episode, the last one in the series, focused on mental health and wellness. It featured Lina Della Libra (M’22) and Natalie Kanter (M’19). If you listened to the episode and want to share your own thoughts about how academics at Minerva have changed, if you have another question or subject you’d like the podcast to explore, or if you just have general feedback, please leave a comment through this form. Podcast: Download Subscribe: Android | Email | Spotify | RSS | More
 The podcast that dwells in the moment when a reader first finishes their book. I contemplate one novel per episode, analysing the text from my perspective as a young aspiring writer.
 A podcast about fiction from an aspiring writer’s point of view.
 The podcast that dwells in the moment when a reader first finishes their book. I contemplate one novel per episode, analysing the text from my perspective as a young aspiring writer.
 Hello incoming students! You’re right — Minerva is complex. Between a whole new set of lingo/jargon/abbreviations, unique (& frequently changing) processes, and dispersed communication channels, starting at Minerva brings a lot of questions. Just for you, we’ve put together an  FAQ list that will hopefully answer your essential questions and help you hit the ground running when you officially start your Minerva journey. Many of these questions were provided by M’20 and M’21 students reflecting on their pre-Minerva experience. Refer back to this article throughout the summer and comment additional questions if you have any! Disclaimer: This information is based on our student experience. Given Minerva is a new university, details, events, and logistics are subject to change and your experience is likely to differ (not to mention there is a global pandemic right now). You should pay close attention to whatever information you get directly from Minerva Administration before arriving, specifically about logistics, and take it over information provided here. Move-in starts on August 29th, 2020 in San Francisco.  Traditionally, the week between move in and the first day of classes is Foundation Week (see #2).  During this week there are necessary workshops, informational sessions on academics, student life, and extracurriculars.  Foundation Week will most likely look rather different this year with primarily online programming but it is generally a very busy week, so we recommend arriving early (within the scheduled move-in of course) to allow yourself more time to settle in (if possible). Think of Foundation Week as your orientation to Minerva, San Francisco, and for some of you, living on your own for the first time.  We’ll let you experience most of it for yourself; you’ll learn a lot, meet a lot of people, and there can be some pretty magical moments. You will be very tired and will not have a lot of time to do things like eat or finish summer prep, so plan ahead and budget your energy. Drink water and move in and do your essential shopping as quickly as you can in the first couple of days – there is not much time to do so afterward. It might also be good to find a cheap food place nearby if you don’t have time to cook or shop for yourself. Check out this document made by M’23s for suggestions for cheap places to eat, discount apps, and other money-saving tips for San Francisco. Minerva will probably have a more specific plan, given the public health situation of the moment but here is some general information: You may be allowed to send laptops to SF for storage before you arrive, but it is very unlikely that you will be allowed to send anything else. Therefore, you have to move in with all of your stuff at once (Tip: don’t bring a lot of stuff!). There are a few ways to get to the residences depending on how you get into the city. You will likely be in a residence near the civic center. To get there: FROM SFO & OAKLAND AIRPORT (We recommend flying to SFO if you can) Driving in you will likely have a hard time finding parking. It is possible, but be aware and move your stuff out of the car quickly. Note: We suggest asking Minerva directly for their recommendation for transit to the residence as they will likely have the most up to date information. On The Hub, which is our student information platform. You can sign up when you get your Minerva email. You should familiarize yourself with it before you get started in September as knowing your way around the site will make finding important information drastically easier in the Fall. Good pages to go to are in the San Francisco section under “Cities”, and the Master Calendar page to know all the important dates of the school year. Important announcements will usually be posted on the Community Portal.  You can modify your notification settings so that you get an email whenever something is posted in a group you are in. When you join the Portal, take a few minutes to join all the Groups which you find relevant. In addition to city-based and cohort-based groups, the Portal also has many student initiative groups. Pack as light as possible. Not only is it a good skill to have, but you will not have a lot of space. At the same time, this is the longest stay you will have at a Minerva city, so you may be more flexible with belongings. Essentials like plates, utensils, clothing basics, and some appliances you can find for very cheap at Goodwill (which you will have to Uber to) so you do not have to bring those. For the most part, you will only need to bring any clothes you want, as other essentials can be easily purchased for cheap at many second-hand stores (cheap for SF, meaning $5-$15 per article of clothing). You should also have a couple of pieces of clothing that are fancier/business ready. You might find yourself in more situations that demand this type of dress than you expected – even in the first week. At least bring one of these outfits, more clothing can be purchased later on or you can share with classmates. Minervans usually have the unique experience of starting Foundation Year without upperclassmen present and get to create new student groups.  You (M’24) have the unusual opportunity to spend time in San Francisco with upper classes as many students will choose to go to SF over the other rotation cities this fall. We highly recommend reaching out to meet and learn from upperclassmen. Some student groups will continue from previous years and you’ll get to join and build on these as well as create your own.  The student experience (SXP) team will provide more information during Foundation Week and SIs will formally launch in January. Here are some examples of current student groups: tl;dr – DO IT. The most important skills to develop are English and Python. Make sure you’re extremely comfortable speaking, reading, and writing in English; it is important and can be key to good grades and performance/comfort, especially in seminar classes with a lot of (often complex) readings. Comfort with basic Python coding is also useful going in, as you’ll have assignments based in it without much in-class prep. There are lots of online courses that can help with this (you don’t necessarily have to use the ones Minerva recommends, although they’re pretty good). Having practice with Python will make your first year 10x better, so please work on this.  Disclaimer: Minerva is iterative! The only constant in this institution is change. Things will evolve and shift with the curriculum (that’s usually a good thing), so our experiences will not be the same. This is written from an M’21 & M’22 perspective. But do know that being over-prepared never hurt anyone. You have to budget your own time (even over the summer). Welcome to Minerva!  We also suggest checking out The Hub (see #4) in the Curriculum section under “Academics” to check out the Cornerstone (name of the classes you’ll be taking) syllabi. Familiarizing yourself with the curriculum, particularly the assignment schedule, might ease up your transition process. HCs are the building blocks of our curriculum. You can think of them as frameworks and tools for thinking and communicating more effectively. You will catch on very quickly when you start classes, so don’t worry if you don’t understand them right now.  Every grade you receive in your first year is a grade on an HC. You don’t get an overall grade on an assignment, just on your applications of the HCs. This means your application according to their rubrics, not your (or your professor’s) individual interpretation of the HC. We suggest thoroughly going through the rubrics and clarifying any confusions with your professor as you’re applying HCs in your assignments. In addition to grades on assignments, you will receive one HC grade per class. There’s plenty of time to improve your HC grades even after your first year is over, so don’t worry about it too much. You continue to get HC grades throughout your time at Minerva, even all the way through Capstone and Manifest. You can see your grades on each HC and their rubrics on the Forum (using the app, or the chrome page: https://seminar.minerva.kgi.edu/app). Depending on where you are coming from, San Francisco will either be roughly as pricey as you are used to, or much more expensive. It is important to keep track of how much you spend because in a place like SF where a slice of pizza or a loaf of bread can be more than $5, as one M’20 student would say, you can easily find yourself “hemorrhaging” money. A rough lower bound would look something like this (in USD/week): A rough upper bound would look something like this (same units, assuming no loans given bougie price points): NOTE*** → This does NOT include other costs, such as gym memberships, clothes, laundry, medical emergencies, and leisure activities. Yes. Minerva will share the necessary links and resources for filing taxes when this comes around. We recommend starting this early because the U.S. tax process is complicated and no one wants to deal with repercussions from late taxes. Yes. Again, Minerva will help you with this. The short answer is YES. The Coaching and Talent Development (CTD) team is very good. But you cannot simply rely on them without expecting to put in any effort on your part. They have personal and group coaching, job postings, and connections. Be nice to them, as they work hard and are so good at their jobs. This means putting in your half and following through. You will be assigned a coach at the beginning of the semester and this person will be your point of contact. You’ll fill in a questionnaire about what your career/professional goals are and attend a one-on-one meeting with your coach. After this, you’ll be sorted into a group of like-minded students and attend up to three optional meetings with them throughout the semester to improve your professional skills and think deeper about what you truly want to achieve. Don’t worry, it’s a lot more fun than it seems and you get snacks too!  There are so many different types of days and so many different ways to answer this. So the example we give is quite simple, so as to reflect the most common experience. I’m so glad you asked! You can either reach out to us individually for more information on how to join or just fill out this interest survey. Here are some other Quest articles that might help you out at the start of your Minerva journey. If you have any more questions, feel free to post them in the comments. Update: This article was updated to include a link to other Quest articles that might be useful for incoming students.
 Amelia Kroner (M’20) studied Social Sciences. She used her Capstone project to create an interactive guidebook for urban planners to promote green projects for low-income communities. This is the executive summary of her project.  Read her full capstone here. 
 Connor Mitchell (M’20) majored in Computer Sciences, Data Science. He used his Capstone project to research adaptable geographic clustering, a data-driven and dynamic market expansion technique for home installers. This is the executive summary of his project. You’re an operations manager at a US-based growth company that sells a product requiring at least a day of home installation labor (i.e. a comprehensive home security system, a backyard pool, a roof-mounted solar array). You’re operating in most major US cities, but your accounting department says profits are slim. Farmer Joe, a man living in a small town in rural West Virginia, has wanted to buy your product for 6 months now. He’s been calling your customer service team every couple weeks to see if you’ve expanded service operations to include customers in his area. As much as you’d like to sell to Joe and the neighbors he’s convinced to make a product reservation, it just isn’t cost-effective. Setting up permanent operations in remote areas of the country with a small demand curve would burn through cash faster than many Silicon Valley tech companies do–completely unacceptable for all but the best-capitalized businesses. But the current level of customer demand in Joe’s town is high, and you know they would benefit from your products more than many people in the densely populated urban areas you currently operate. Unfortunately, the more time you take to decide whether or not to take their business, the more impatient customers in Joe’s town are getting. Some have even cancelled their reservations. What do you do?  One idea might be to temporarily send an installation crew from a nearby city to Joe’s town for a week, install all currently reserved systems, and then return to business-as-usual. If demand increases significantly after the initial group of systems is installed, then perhaps it’s enough to justify permanent operations. But what if there are problems with the installations? Sending a crew back to fix the issues will cost your company travel expenses and extra labor hours. You could bulk service them in the same way that you bulk installed them, but you don’t know how much that will cost, let alone the cost of initial installations. And what about the precedent opening Joe’s town for business will set? Joe’s town is not the only source of rural demand for your product; the sales team has leads from half a dozen others. How will you decide where to expand?  This was the problem I faced while interning on Tesla’s Energy Operations team. Customers across the country had reserved Solar-PV and Powerwall (battery) installations, even in areas Tesla did not currently service. In order to help operations managers make expansion decisions, I built the first version of a Market Expansion Clustering Tool (MECT).  Watch Part 1 and Part 2 of the tutorial on 2x speed to get a sense for how to use the tool. Optionally you can review the tool code and comments here or read this discussion of HDBSCAN, the density-based clustering method offered by the tool.  MECT offers users two clustering methods: agglomerative and density-based. Both options identify optimally-dense geographical groups of potential customers or leads, but in different ways. The relevance of each method to the market expansion context is dependent upon the hardware constraints of the business. For example, Tesla would need to rent warehouse space in a centralized location between installation sites, since one truck can only carry enough equipment (solar panels, tools, etc.) for 1-2 installations at a time. On the other hand, a home security system installer like ADT does not need to rent warehouse space in any of the towns they choose to service; they simply need to equip the installation crew with a truck and enough camera equipment to service customers along their route. Any additional equipment can be shipped to a destination down the road.  For these structural reasons, agglomerative clustering makes more sense for Tesla and density-based clustering makes more sense for ADT. The next section and this class will evaluate the Tesla use-case of agglomerative clustering using four criteria important to business operations managers: adaptability, simplicity, shape, and comprehensiveness.  A high-level overview of agglomerative clustering is that the method starts with each point or lead as its own cluster, then begins iteratively merging clusters based on a certain distance criterion until there is one large cluster. Two of the most common criteria are single and complete-linkage, where the former merges clusters with the smallest distance (minimum) between the closest pair of points and the latter merges clusters with the smallest distance between the farthest pair of points. Mathematically this is written as follows, where is a d distance matrix containing a distance ( ) value separating two clusters ( and ), where that ist d u v distance value is calculated between a single pair of points ( and ). The and i j in m ax m determine which pair-distance is used, either the nearest (single-linkage) points in both clusters or the farthest (complete-linkage).  Single-Linkage  d(u, v) = min(dist(u[i], v[j])) Complete-Linkage  d(u, v) = max(dist(u[i], v[j])) In this use-case, where the adaptability of the model is important, businesses need to constrain the maximum size of clusters in order to avoid breaking the hub and spoke model. This requires complete-linkage so that users can set the maximum cluster size and stop the merging process when the largest cluster reaches that maximum. Placing this stop is also called the “cut point” because the iterative cluster merging process forms a hierarchical binary decision tree called a dendrogram (Figure 1). If the tool used single-linkage instead, the cut point would set a minimum density threshold, whereby the closest points would be less spread out. This is less useful for operations managers who care about the footprint of the entire cluster of leads the installer would need to service, rather than just two.  Figure 1: Dendrogram Example (simulated data from Market Expansion Clustering Tool)  Using the example from Figure 1, if the user wished to cut the tree to a maximum cluster diameter of 100 miles, they would first convert miles to radians:  This value is only marginally greater than zero, so according to the dendrogram, the user can expect a large quantity of clusters in this dataset. Indeed, after mapping the results using Kepler we see the following results, where red-blue arcs connect current office locations (red dots) with clusters (blue dots) (Figure 2):  Figure 2: Results Map Example (simulated data from Market Expansion Clustering Tool)  In order to produce useful and insightful results, users only need to choose where to cut the dendrogram, which is a decision driven by operational time and cost constraints. A single intuitive parameter like maximum cluster size preserves the simplicity of this method. Additionally, since the dimensions of each cluster are determined by the two farthest points, the cluster is globular (circular) keeping a symmetrical shape.  Another characteristic of the map in Figure 2 are the zipcodes themselves (pink dots), each of which contains all the lead data for that zipcode. Pink dots with an arc leading to them are 1 zipcode clusters, which can be either filtered out by the user or referenced for potential second-order expansion (after first-order expansion to larger clusters). This characteristic underlines the comprehensiveness of the agglomerative method.  Depending on your product’s installation timeline and hardware requirements, either agglomerative or density-based clustering may make more sense for your business. Agglomerative complete-linkage is simpler to understand and gives you the flexibility to limit cluster diameter, but it is restricted to identifying spherical clusters even if a more flexible shape could improve the density of installations. Density-based methods produce more flexibly shaped and sized clusters, but can be more difficult to interpret. By evaluating these methods based on the proposed 4-criteria framework (adaptability, simplicity, shape, and comprehensiveness) operations managers are able to identify which clustering method makes the most sense for their business, apply it to identifying market expansion opportunities, and notify leads like Farmer Joe if/when he can expect his reserved product to be installed. 
 Benjamin Chen (M’20) majored in Brand Management. He used his Capstone project to take a critical look into the history and current state of the global fashion market with a focus on fast fashion giant Forever 21 and their strategic missteps. This is the executive summary of his project. Read his full capstone here.
 Note: With Minerva in pandemic-adjustment mode, civic projects will probably look different this semester. However, the questions and process that I outline here is relevant for any type of project that you consider taking on during the semester. Hopefully, this will still give you some direction if (like me) you’re someone who wants to do everything all the time. Stick around Minerva for more than 3 semesters and you know the drill. The beginning of the semester looms closer and the emails start coming.  Re: Civic Projects. The projects release, the students can’t find the links to the excel sheet or portal page or whatever format they happen to use this semester, some projects look incredibly interesting, some seem alright, and some seem like downright torture (yeah, I’m referring to the CS ones). Regardless of your interests, we all face the same question: Should I do a civic project? Or not? Ask around and you’ll get mixed reviews: Civic projects in upper years are just free labor for the companies. Don’t do it! My civic partner and I still keep in touch; I can’t imagine not doing a project, absolutely do it! You get the point. Honestly, it doesn’t get more authentic than mixed reviews. But that’s less than helpful for students still debating whether or not to apply, whether or not to commit, whether or not to “civic project.” Having done civic projects in every city of my rotation so far (SF, Seoul, and Hyderabad), I have to admit: I’m not the most objective individual to give advice on this topic. I am, however, a very experienced individual to give advice on this topic. While I may rave about my civic projects and the incredible (if growing) experiences that I had along the way, I almost did not apply for a project. Twice. Then, at the last minute, I decided to commit. So you can say that I have learned a thing or two about the civic project decision process. In fact, I’ve developed an algorithm of sorts (pardon me, I’m a Social Science and Arts & Humanities student trying to work in those Formal Analysis HC’s whenever I can) that has helped me answer this exact question: Look at your finished list and consider the following questions: Walking through these basic but significant questions have helped me gain a clearer idea of what commitments to prioritize based on my goals, interests, and (the often overlooked one) capacity. When it comes to projects, the common saying “the more the merrier” does not hold true — especially when taking on another project puts you in a state of constant mental drain, sleep deprivation, and emotional exhaustion. In that state, even the most captivating projects begin to seem like a burden… but you’re a Minerva student, you don’t need me to remind you of what you already know. Your decision to take or not take a civic project depends solely on you, your goals, your capacities, and your passions. Spend some time evaluating the congruence of these areas to the civic project you’re considering, and the best decision becomes quite evident. If you’re still struggling, find a friend, coach, or mentor to talk through this process with. Sometimes an external perspective can illuminate the obvious which we overlook in ourselves. Happy civic-project-ing! (or not!)
 To go home or not to go home?  The dilemma plagued me during the first few days of lockdown in San Francisco. Fellow M’23s were leaving by the score as governments around the world announced shutdown after border shutdown. At one point, I’d visited Fisherman’s Wharf—judge me if you will, but I live off of photogenic tourist destinations—and it was so deserted I could sit cross-legged on the deck by the world-famous sea-lions and read for an hour without any self-consciousness. Some days later, I planned a boba night for some friends who were leaving the next day. I ordered delivery from my favorite boba place in the Sunset, only to find out they’d closed at six PM, not at nine, which used to be the case. Early the next morning, Market Street was damp and deserted; my friend’s Uber splashed rainwater at my feet and everything was cold. It was these small realizations that things weren’t the same in San Francisco that had me wondering whether it was better for me to go back to Japan. The summer before, I had come to San Francisco with a promise to myself: that I was going to experience a whole world or two beyond my bubble; that I was going to stay strong even when things got hard; that I was going to get a taste of independence. I flew home anyway.   Suppose you are running on a treadmill. At first, you’re running at 7 km/hour. You sweat a bit and you get stitches on your stomach, but after a few minutes, the discomfort becomes the new normal. So you up your game a bit—now, you’re running at 8 km/hour. You experience some more discomfort, but after a while, you get used to that, too. After a while, you go back to 7 km/hour, but this time you don’t feel anything. Something that was hard a few minutes ago has now become easy; you’re skipping on clouds, the sweat cooling on your skin. …it is the feeling of bouncing back to your baseline, like a rubber band that’s been stretched taut and released. The hedonic adaptation theory (or more intuitively, the hedonic treadmill theory) says that the experience of happiness occurs much in the same vein as running on a treadmill. When something great happens, you might experience a sudden spike in how happy you feel, but after a while, you get used to it, until you are no more or less happy than how you felt before. What’s more, something that would have made you happy before won’t give you the same amount of happiness now, because you have become used to happy events. The same goes for when something horrible happens and you become much less happy. Everyone has a certain happiness baseline. Genetics and personality can both factor into where your baseline is—some are born or adapted to feeling generally happier than others. Having an internal locus of control, for one, has been posed as one of the determining factors of one’s subjective happiness. Another factor is having non-zero-sum life-goals (e.g. seeking the happiness of family and friends in addition to one’s own), as opposed to having zero-sum life-goals (e.g. pursuing material wealth and status.)  What is important here, however, is that it is more common for people to hover around their happiness baseline than it is to experience a radical shift from it, and stay at a new happiness baseline (significantly happier or significantly less happy) for the remainder of their lives. Picking up from the analogy, it is much more likely for me to hover around the speed I can run at right now than to be hit with sudden inspiration and somehow become a runner at the next (delayed) Olympic Games. Research suggests that even life events as traumatic as chronic injuries may not have the power to change your happiness baseline. In one study done by Roxane L. Silver, a professor of psychology at Northwestern University, accident victims who suffered severe spinal cord injuries were asked to rate their emotions for a certain period after their accidents. Silver observed that while in the first week or so, the victims experienced major negative emotions, it only took another seven weeks until most victims were back to feeling more happy than unhappy.  Notably, recent studies show more ambiguity. In 2008, Professor Bruce Headey of the Melbourne Institute of Applied Economics and Social Research showed that sustaining disabilities and developing chronic illnesses mostly do have significant impacts on one’s happiness. Still, hedonic adaptation theory is yet to be refuted, at least with regards to less permanent and less drastic life events than chronic injuries/illnesses: In another study, done by Fujita and Diener in 2005 and published on the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, just 9% of a panel of over 3,500 German residents experienced a significant shift in happiness level over the course of 17 years. Daniel Gilbert, a Harvard psychology professor, proposes two kinds of happiness: natural happiness and synthetic happiness. The happiness that we all know of is natural happiness—the feeling we experience when we get what we want. We might feel happy eating a hearty meal after hours of intense hunger. Or, we might have felt happy if all Minervans could have finished their semester in their rotation cities.  On the other hand, synthetic happiness is what we feel when we don’t get what we want. This is the happiness you feel regardless of how good or bad your situation is objectively—-it is the feeling of bouncing back to your baseline, like a rubber band that’s been stretched taut and released. The spinal cord injuries were objectively horrible and life-changing events, but the victims bounced back anyway; they synthesized happiness for themselves.  Yet, you would have expected that the accident victims would have suffered from unhappiness for much longer than a couple of months. Impact bias allows you to overestimate the psychological impact of an event—both its intensity and its duration. I was afraid that, should I choose to go back to Japan before the semester finished, I would end up feeling aimless and regretful and just plain bitter, longing for an all-M’23 End-of-First-Year celebration that would never happen. But I came back to Japan and, apart from severe jetlag, things were more or less OK. …after all, people don’t become significantly happier with their lives just because some miracle happened. Becoming aware of impact bias may do two things. You can become more risk-taking, or at least less risk-averse. When faced with a risky decision that may yield a great outcome, but may also lead to a highly negative one, you still might be able to take that risk. After all, what’s so horrible about that potential negative outcome, if spinal cord injury victims could come to terms with their accidents in two months? What would be worse is if you didn’t take that chance, and spent the rest of your life wondering where it could’ve led you if you had taken it. Awareness of impact bias also allows you to stop feeling jealous of other people. If something great happens to someone else by pure chance, you’d think, why them? Why not me? But you can let go of the illusion that the great happiness they might be feeling right now will last as long as you think, or that the bitterness you’re feeling right now will last, either. In one study, lottery winners were asked to rate their general happiness levels, all of whom less than 1.5 years had passed after winning the lottery: “Lottery winners and controls were not significantly different in their ratings of how happy they were now, how happy they were before winning (or, for controls, how happy they were 6 months ago), and how happy they expected to be in a couple of years.” It’s safe to say that after all, people don’t become significantly happier with their lives just because some miracle happened. Over the course of their lives, they stay more or less around their happiness baseline, and you stay around yours.  Once you realize these things, you become freer. In the meantime, you can also stop buying lottery tickets.  Surely, there must be a catch, you’d think. Why should you take this seriously when you haven’t even heard of synthetic happiness or impact bias before? Gilbert suggests that the reason we never hear of this stuff is because synthetic happiness is capitalism’s worst fear. “What kind of economic engine would keep churning if we believed that not getting what we want could make us just as happy as getting it?” he says in his Ted Talk “The surprising science of happiness” that has over 18 million views. When we feel unhappy, it’s easier to blame it on outside factors. Maybe you feel upset because your closet isn’t looking pretty enough, or because you are at home instead of downtown San Francisco. Then, you’ll reason, a new dress or a plane ticket will make you feel better. The endless feedback loop of “natural happiness” looks something like this: I’m unhappy → It’s probably because I lack this → I purchase/achieve this → I fool myself to think I’m happy now → I realize I’m still not quite happy. Sometimes, when we follow the cycle religiously, we lose our breaths in the midst.  Synthetic happiness is not much of a cycle as it is stagnant. When you’re pursuing synthetic happiness, you’re trying to become happier not through external achievement, but through revising your perception of your current situation.  Since I’ve been back in Japan, I have experienced both ups and downs—the ups being the times where I felt content in my situation, the downs being when I wished that things were different. During the past four months, I had kept myself busy with Zoom calls, online workshops, Coursera, waiting tables, and spending time with family. For each activity, there was something that made me happy and something that made me feel inadequate. Sure, I was gaining some experience through my restaurant job, and frankly, it was a superb position from which to people-watch, but it was nothing compared to my imaginary internship in New York City. I would have rather focused on just the first part of that sentence.  The term “synthetic happiness” sounds fancy, but in the end, it is really gratitude. Now, we’ve all heard of that one. Gratitude is simple in theory yet difficult in practice. Especially when you are somewhere like Minerva, where opportunities are infinite and comparisons with other people never-ending, no amount of internships or projects or hackathon prizes can feel enough. In the chase towards the More, it’s easy to forget the Enough. If we feel bored, useless, or anxious while this pandemic lasts, it might be a good idea to make time for gratitude, and let our innate happiness manifest itself. 
 The great Ben Nelson bellows out  Like an American Dumbledore: “Everything is Intentional here at Minerva.” We, ickle firsties, stare wide-eyed And look forward to an experience founded with intent. The next day the water is out for several hours. Everything is Intentional. We are being prepared to live in a desert-filled future where water is a luxury. We must learn to make do with what we have Everything is Intentional The fire alarm blares almost non-stop for a few days. Everything is Intentional The real world is full of distractions We must learn to cope This is brain surgery Everything is Intentional On the first Friday, construction sounds keep the entire cohort awake Everything is intentional Sleep is for the weak The more time awake, the more time we have to change the world There is no time for rest We are all out of the dark now Everything is intentional  My room key demagnetizes on the third day everything is intentional In the outside world it’s often hard to get into the places we want to be I ask my roommate to let me in This is #(insert suitable HC here) everything is intentional  My food is stolen for the third time everything’s intentional This has taught me to trust no one The world is a cruel, unforgiving place and Minerva must prepare me everything’s intentional  ALF  has crashed evverythngs intentional For 21 minutes I am stuck in limbo I fear the rest of the planet has died I get a 2 for #context evrythings intensional  Shift 1 is no longer working evereythinisintenshional I descend into the depths of shift 2 My breakout group shift 3 in agreement As I stare into the webcam as an answer Everythingisintentuonanl I am given 30 seconds to answer the poll Evverythingisinteionntial the poll has three questions I must answer them all I try to think but all I can come up with are the lyrics to baby shark I am over the character limit Punctuation is the first to go Then articles Dooo dooo doo doo doo doo Everytingininstensiionl  I have not slept for about two days now eeveryinthinintentioanl be more specific I have not slept for 39 hours now the others nonetheless envy me I still remember what sleep feels like eeeverryintnentoianl  Screen sharing never works and has never worked veryithinhgsintestional Life is filled with lies and expectations that will never be met I know this now everhhungisintensial  It is time to end world hunger says one Another has eaten a single cup of noodles in 6 days they are the same person evereythinintanal  Ben Nelson stares at me through the gap in my blinds that awakens me at 6:02 exactly Everything is Intentional.
 Antonia Shroder (M’20) majored in Social Science concentrating in Cognition, Brain, and Behavior as well as Economics and Society. She used her Capstone Project to research the underlying factors that impact our perception of waiting time when waiting in lines. This is the executive summary of her project. This Capstone identified a lack of research on the relationship between peak emotions and perceived waiting time in convenient lines. Perceived waiting time is a crucial component of customer satisfaction and therefore of great interest to businesses. This Capstone proposed a novel experiment to test the relationship between peak emotions and perceived waiting time. Maximising customer satisfaction is of inherent interest to a business, as a satisfied customer is more likely to also become a future customer. Future customers in turn, are essential for continued profits. The amount of time a customer has to wait is a crucial component of overall customer satisfaction (Davis & Vollmann, 1990). In regard to most necessity goods, a higher waiting time impacts customer satisfaction negatively and vice versa (Pruyn & Smidts, 1998). However, research has found that perceived waiting time, and not objective waiting time, is a better predictor for customer satisfaction (Tom and Lucey, 1997). In other words, it is not how long people have to wait, but how long they think they have to wait, which has the biggest impact on their satisfaction as a customer. There are many different elements which impact the perception of one’s waiting time. A key influencer is the environmental surrounding, such as the attractiveness of the room, or the presence of a television (Pruyn & Smidts, 1998). Another influencer is the auditory environment, where some form of auditory stimulation will shorten the perceived waiting time (Hirsh, Bilger & Deatherage 1956). Personal differences will also alter one’s perception of waiting time; for example, a higher income will often make the wait more costly (Becker, 1966). Many elements of perceived waiting time are well understood. Yet, there is no overarching theory which explains how different occurrences during the waiting period might alter one’s perception. According to Kahneman’s peak-end rule, people encode experiences by looking at the peak emotion experienced and the end emotion experienced (Kahneman et al, 1993). For example, during an otherwise pleasant vacation, one might get robbed on the beach, and the flight on the way back is delayed. Here both the peak and the end emotion are negative, leading to the vacation being remembered negatively. In most convenient lines, such as supermarkets and banks, the end experience remains the same, as one attains what one has been waiting for. This would indicate that the peak emotion has a significant impact on how the experience is remembered. There are many elements of the actual waiting experience which are either clearly positive or negative. A positive personal interaction has been found to increase customer satisfaction regardless of associated enhanced waiting time (Tom and Lucey, 1997). On the other hand, injustices experienced while waiting, such as someone skipping the line, decreases customer satisfaction (Larson, 1987). However, there has been no research to my knowledge affirming the link between these peak experiences and the perception of waiting time. Yet, it seems that a positive peak increases overall satisfaction, which could mean the waiting period is perceived to be less, and vice versa. A positive peak emotion experienced while waiting in a convenient line will reduce one’s perceived waiting time, while a negative peak emotion will increase one’s perceived waiting time. In other words, the peak emotion experienced while waiting in line has an impact on the perception of waiting time and therefore customer satisfaction. To test the hypothesis, subjects will be randomly allocated into three different groups. The two treatment groups will be subjected to either positive or negative stimuli to elicit a positive or negative peak emotion. The control group will be subjected to neutral stimuli. Afterwards the participants will be asked how long they think they waited, and the relationship between the assigned stimuli and the perceived waiting time will be analysed to test the stated hypothesis. The subjects will be exposed to auditory stimuli to elicit a peak emotion. Emotional affect of a stimuli differs widely between people (Goldstein & Naglieri, 2011). However, auditory stimuli can be introduced in a more subtle manner, which reduces discrepancies. To further overcome personal differences, auditory stimuli with a crowdsourced affect will be employed. This avoids individual researchers deciding the affect (Bradley & Lang, 2015). The survey at the end of the experiment will also ask about how participants perceived the experience, to further account for individual differences. Participants will be told that the study is researching attention and cognitive flexibility. The partial disclosure of the true purpose prevents participant’s from focusing on their waiting time. Participants will be asked to wait in three different locations, such as three different hallways. The most important element is that the three locations are audibly shielded from each other. In these locations, the participants wait to be let into the room and participate in the study. However, unbeknownst to them, the true experiment takes place while they are waiting to be let into the room. Participants waiting will be asked to stand and not interact with each other to avoid confounding each other’s experience, while simulating the experience of standing in a convenient line. During this waiting time, participants are exposed to the assigned auditory stimuli eliciting their peak experience. The auditory stimuli will be administered at different times for different people, to test for whether the timing of the peak has a differentiating impact. Once in the room, participants will be asked to complete the ‘Stroop Test’, which is a simple Psychology test requiring participants to repeatedly call out the colour a colour is written in on a screen (MacLeod, 1991). This test is a mere distraction and was chosen for its minimal cognitive load imposition, as well as its short duration. After completing, the subjects will be asked to fill out a survey evaluating their lab experience. This survey entails, among other elements, a question about how long they think they waited, which is a crucial question for the subsequent analysis. Again, this survey is disguised as a laboratory evaluation to avert unwanted focus from the objective waiting time. Subjects will be briefed on the true purpose of the experiment after submitting the survey. The external validity of this study would be enhanced if this study were to take place in a field experiment, such as an actual convenient line. However, in real-life convenient lines there are many uncontrollable factors which could change the peak experience away from the assigned group. Hence, given the sensitivity of peak experiences, a lab experiment should be employed first as a proof of concept, as this setting allows one to more easily control external stimuli. This experiment has been designed with the intent of approximating an actual convenient line . If the stated hypothesis holds true, a positive peak experience could reduce someone’s perception of waiting time, which in turn improves the customer’s satisfaction. In a supermarket this could mean that if faced with an unexpected influx of customers, free samples could be given out. Assuming that free samples are a positive peak, this could reduce the customer’s perceived waiting time without negotiating natural caps such as number of staff present. Similar interventions could be executed in any convenient line. There are countless everyday scenarios where waiting is required. These findings, if found to be true, could lessen suffering in small ways, whether in hospitals, soup kitchens, or at sporting events. The potential for applications are numerous Becker, Gary S. (1966). ‘A Theory of the Allocation of Time’. Ekistics 21(126): 321–321. Bradley , M., & Lang, P. (2015). The Center for the Study of Emotion and Attention. Retrieved December 12, 2019, from https://csea.phhp.ufl.edu/media/iadsmessage.html. Davis, M., & Vollmann, T. (1990). A framework for relating waiting time and customer satisfaction in a service operation. Journal of Services Marketing, 4(1), 61-69. doi:10.1108/EUM0000000002506 Goldstein, Sam, & Naglieri Jack A., eds. (2011). Encyclopedia of Child Behavior and Development. Boston, MA: Springer US. http://link.springer.com/10.1007/978-0-387-79061-9 (December 12, 2019). Hirsh, I. J., R. C. Bilger, and B. H. Deatherage. (1956). ‘The Effect of Auditory and Visual Background on Apparent Duration’. The American Journal of Psychology 69(4): 561–74. Kahneman, D., Fredrickson, B., Schreiber, C., & Redelmeier, D. (1993). When more pain is preferred to less: Adding a better end. Psychological Science, 4(6), 401-405. (December 12, 2019). Larson, Richard C. (1987). ‘Perspectives On Queues: Social Justice and the Psychology’. Operations Research; Linthicum 35(6): 895. MacLeod, C.M. (1991). Half a century of research on the Stroop effect: An integrative review. Psychological Bulletin, 109, 163-203. Pruyn, Ad, & Smidts, Ale. (1998). ‘Effects of Waiting on the Satisfaction with the Service: Beyond Objective Time Measures’. International Journal of Research in Marketing 15(4): 321–34. Tom, Gail, & Lucey, Scott. (1997). ‘A Field Study Investigating the Effect of Waiting Time on Customer Satisfaction’. Journal of Psychology; Provincetown, Mass., etc. 131(6): 655–660.
 Antonio Fowl Stark (M’20) majored in Business Enterprise Operations and Computational Sciences AI & Machine Learning. He used his Capstone project to develop a framework for understanding the actors and forces of the commercial aerospace industry. This is the executive summary of his project.
 Here’s the truth: I don’t know everything. Nobody knows everything. In fact, if we knew everything, why would we be at Minerva? What would be the point? I think on some level, we all know this. Of course nobody’s perfect. Of course we are here to learn. But I find it interesting how we rarely talk about the things we don’t know. It may sound counterintuitive. You may think, “Well, how would I know what I don’t know? Why should I be expected to know what I don’t know?” Well, I think the answer is simple: Arrogance inhibits learning. At Minerva, sometimes I feel this pressure to constantly know The Right Answer, as if life came with an answer key that was only passed on to us, the eXtRAoRdiNaRy. Sometimes in class, the professor will ask an open-ended question, and as they scan the little boxes of faces for a taker, I’ll feel my body clench up. Hnngggg. I don’t have an answer. I don’t know the answer. I don’t think there even is a right answer. And the professor will say “Ok Amulya, what do you think?” and I’ll release a high pitched squeal into the air before pressing control and delivering an uninspired “Ummm… I don’t really know?” “… That’s okay,” the professor says and moves a couple squares over. “What do you think?” “Uhhhhhh… I really don’t know either,” another student says in shame, “I’m sorry.” And that’s exactly what it feels like. Shame. Shame that we didn’t have the key to the universe, that we still couldn’t explain right from wrong, or that for the one moment that counted in class, we just did not know. Arrogance inhibits learning. Sometimes I ask myself: “Why do you feel bad for not knowing? Why are you beating yourself up? Aren’t you here to learn? Isn’t the point to not know in the beginning and then learn?” And the second voice always replies, “Yes. Of course you didn’t know. And that’s okay. At least you learned something.” But sometimes it’s not that simple. Sometimes I’ll forget people’s names who I’ve seen day after day but never spoke to. Sometimes I’ll not know how to console a friend who’s hurting. Sometimes I’ll see something wrong, say something wrong, and not correct it. Because I don’t know what’s right. Sometimes I’ll feel my gut turn at a silly joke, because someone just didn’t know better, and I’ll excuse it. Because I can’t expect them to know everything. They’ll learn, right? Did they learn? Minerva does a good job of teaching us to pay attention. We learn how to scan the tiles at the top of the screen when a joke is made. We watch for snaps when we make a good comment in class. We glide over faces with our mouse to see what people are doing when they think nobody is watching. But sometimes, we get so focused on what other people are doing, saying, thinking, that we forget that they’re just as worried as us. We forget that the window goes both ways, that you can see into their world, but if you pause for just a moment and adjust your vision, that you can almost see your reflection in the glass, and how your frames line up just a little bit.  I don’t know what I don’t know. But what I do know is that there are things that I will never know until I listen. Just as you’re thinking, “oh please please please don’t call on me” in class, perhaps half of the others are thinking the exact same thing. Maybe to the kid who made a comment that you thought was incredibly articulate, it felt like gibberish in their own mind, a half-baked thought that they used to cover up their I don’t know. Here’s the truth. I don’t know what I don’t know. But what I do know is that there are things that I will never know until I listen. There are parts of life that won’t align in the reflection, the person looking through the window will see me a different way than I see myself. I don’t have a god’s eye view of right and wrong. I don’t have a monopoly on knowing. And I 100% don’t know a great number of things. So why should I pretend? Why should I make up an answer on the spot just to make sure I don’t look stupid in class? Why should I tell my friend “it’s going to be okay” when it really might not? Why should I convince others that I have the right answer, when all I know is that I have an answer? Why should I always always always know? I think we should get more used to saying “I don’t know” at Minerva. We should get comfortable not knowing. Because the more we try to convince others that we know everything and cover for our half-baked thoughts, the more we create shame for not knowing. The more we judge for not knowing. It’s called humility. We should talk about it sometimes. Maybe it’ll show us what we know.
 At the end of June, the Minerva administration released the 2020-2021 Student Handbook and a Document of Changes to the handbook. Most of this year’s changes reflect updates already communicated to the student body such as atypical COVID-19 pandemic operations, calendar dates, and tuition adjustments.  The 2020-2021 handbook changes also include important academic policy updates. Especially relevant changes include:  Additionally, new fines were introduced regarding violations of Minerva housing processes: students who do not complete arrival modules or who leave a city early will now be fined $100. Students who move out of Minerva housing without checking out and completing the Unit Condition Report will be fined $50.   The Document of Changes follows efforts by the Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) both this year and previously to promote communication transparency between administration and students. Minerva students do not have access to old student handbooks, neither on the Hub nor elsewhere, so identifying policy changes from year-to-year can be incredibly difficult. In previous years, the ASM brought this concern to the administration and, according to Ang Li-Lian an M’22 representative speaking on behalf of the ASM, the topic was brought up again this year. Following these discussions, the administration released the Document of Changes to accompany the new handbook.
 When I think about gender, an undefeatable stillness comes over my body. A coming-into-terms with what my body means and what it implicates about the rest of me, though my gender (or gender, at large) is not reducible to anatomy. On my better days, I can make it through without thinking about the g-word (G E N D E R). But, those days are hard to come by at Minerva. I am a victim of misogyny at Minerva. I have been consumed by it. I have questioned every cell in my body because of it. And, now, I am vengeful, like Medusa, who I had dressed up as for Halloween in Berlin—wronged by Poseidon, turning all those who gaze into her eyes to stone, an ultimate testament to female rage.  My first year at Minerva and subsequent years after have been marked with multiple instances of what I now unequivocally call misogyny: “a dislike of, contempt for, or ingrained prejudice against women” and other marginalized gender identities. In our student communities, misogyny is naturally complicated by intersecting oppressions based on race, class, nationality, passport and skin color. Still, my self-defenses kick in as I write. Why do I not provide a more precise definition? Why, like a good Minerva student, don’t I offer an elaborate, abstract intellectual argument, anticipate disagreements, resolve them? Why? Because I don’t need to, nor do I want to.  As Black revolutionary Assata Shakur once wrote, “Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them.” I don’t want to contend with the men in this community who are perpetrators of misogyny or complicit to misogyny or benefit from misogyny. In my blacklist, I also include men who are not actively involved in the emancipation of women and gender-variant individuals, and ultimately, themselves. I don’t want to convince the oppressors of their wrongdoings. My energies are focused solely on those who have suffered, on those who are trying to heal from suffering, who are trying to survive this community in one piece and one body, like myself.  “Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them.”  If you follow my writings, you will be familiar with the critiques that I have for Minerva staff and administration on topics of racial justice and inclusiveness, cultural competence, and the global rotation. All of those writings are deeply personal, but none as explicitly as what follows. Here, I will focus directly on my experiences and outline in detail the actions of individual students/student groups that have wounded me.  In an international school community such as Minerva, educators who are actively trained in issues of student diversity, cross-cultural communication, and gender and social justice play a crucial role in preventing or remedying the experiences discussed below. They facilitate learning for students, create safe spaces for individual and collective healing, and foster an environment where contentious issues are safely engaged with and resolved across differences. Minerva does not have that. Minerva has not demonstrated through action that this is a priority to them. During my writing process, and the last three years at large, I have wondered whether my internal monologue was too one-sided, if my arguments were too unfounded, if my use of technical terminologies was ghastly inaccurate. However, I want to invite you to consider, seriously, that what I say is valid and factual because it is personal. Individually, some of the interactions below would be entirely meaningless, or be a result of mere misunderstandings, but the accumulation of these experiences on top of being sexually assaulted reflect how I have suffered at the hands of the culturally ingrained patriarchy in our community, and how many women and gender-nonconforming students continue to suffer silently.  [TRIGGER – WARNING: In this section, I will deal with sensitive material that includes sexual violence I experienced at Minerva and that may be difficult for some readers. I thank you for reading thus far, and I respect your decision to not read ahead, and equally, to continue.] I cannot talk about my experience of sexual coercion in the Minerva community without first talking about Judaism. On a rainy night, two other students and I rode the 49 bus on our way to the Jewish Community Center of San Francisco (JCCSF). We were going to watch Hayao Miyazaki’s Ponyo as part of a new science education film series at the JCCSF. There, a scientist talked to us about the “jellyfish’s unique positioning for success in today’s carbon-rich, polluted, overfished, and overdeveloped ocean.” A figurative deep dive into the ocean was the only place where I could find comfort from my pain: the JCCSF was my salvation.  What did I seek salvation from?  in front of the Civic Center, San Francisco (September, 2017). these photos will serve as reminders so that you don’t forget how I look, especially during the periods of suffering that I describe. The night before, I was invited to stay over at another student’s place. You could say I had a crush on him, but not one that gave him ownership over my body. We planned to meet from before, and he told me his invitation came from a place of “selflessness,” which led him to make “compassionate decisions.” So, having me over was doing me a favour? Yeah, right.  I responded by saying that I did not feel comfortable in another’s space, that I would have to think about it. Afterward, I became occupied with something, or perhaps I intentionally delayed my response because I was nervous. The next day, I agreed to sleep over. I was told that my late reply had caused feelings of “resignation” but that he would acquiesce.  The plan was set. I was asked to bring food, told that he would need to be fed, “vegan and sustainable, in that order.”  My friend at the time told me she didn’t think it was a good idea. I wish I’d listened to her.  The room is a blur to me. He was wearing a red shirt. I was enamored. Here I was, where he lived. An invitation into his space. Was this a sign of the possibility of love? Or at least, close friendship? Previously, we’d spoken about canonical Western texts: he gave me the impression of being well read in philosophy, ethics, linguistics. These days, I want no association with those intellectual artifacts of the west, developed in (and often in support of) the backdrop of imperalism, slavery, and economic pillaging of the past, and environmental genocide, greed and racism of the present day. Then, however, I was enamored.  What happened next? I am lying on his bed. He is seated next to me. We’re talking. The temperature is hot. The conversation may have been heated too. He says, “I haven’t kissed you yet because…” The words escape my memory. I think to myself: it’s happening. I will be liked, maybe even loved. I was under the false belief that affection always preceded physical intimacy, that no one would want to hurt me deliberately, that no one could use me.  If I could go back in time, I would extract myself out of that situation immediately. I would say, this boy is not worth your time, and to make matters more explicit, he is detrimental. But as Dave Mustane sings in one of my favourite songs, “hindsight is always 20/20”.  The rest of the night is a blur for me. We kiss, and there are things I don’t want to do. I make that heard, and he says he would [like to do the things I don’t want to do]. The night wanes. My resolve is weak. He begins to tell me about the things that a woman can do to please a man, the things that he would like me to do. To press his biceps when he tightens them, to affirm his masculinity. I absorb hesitatingly. He tells me about the older women that he’s slept with, his body count, who have trained him in the art of pleasuring a woman. He is satisfied; I am not, I hurt. Despite his half-hearted attempts to reciprocate, he blurts out, “How much longer do I have to continue?” I feel embarrassed. I feel like I am a burden.  He rises. I am lying down, and I see his body. Upright, expanded, taking space, white in the dark of the night. I find his frame unrelatable.  Morning comes. I can never fall asleep next to anyone but my mother, so I don’t get a wink of sleep with him. He is unusually silent. He gets out of bed and negotiates turns to take a shower. As I walk out, he looks at me funny, and I begin to feel cheated. I quickly shower and return to his room.  He continues to look at me funny. I don’t understand. He confronts me. “How frequently do you think this will happen?” What does he mean by “this”? He says, “Kate, I enjoy intellectual conversations with you, but…” My vision starts to blur. He says he wants me not to tell anyone about what happened. He wants me not to tarnish his image. I am infuriated. I am breathing heavily. “You gave me the impression that you liked me. What are you saying now? Why didn’t you tell me last night before you exploited my body? Why did you deceive me?” He recoils. “Don’t you accuse me. I never said anything.” I can’t believe this. I can’t handle this alone. Where is my mother? I need a friend.  Give me back my food. We head out. I don’t want to exchange a word with him. I wish you’d burn in hell. He tries to say, can’t we be friends? I tell him that he’s not worthy of being my friend. He is going to the Minerva HQ. We depart. I am cold. I am so cold.  I can’t believe this. I can’t handle this alone. Where is my mother? I need a friend. The day passes in a haze. I am nauseated. I don’t know what just happened to me? What happened to me? I am going to a movie tonight. I think to myself. I have to recuperate. I have to take care of myself. I am away from my family, in a new city, in new cultures, in an experimental school that doesn’t know how to take care of me. I have to take care of myself.  I will spare you the details of how one of the friends who accompanied me to the JCCSF, a woman student, told me that she had experienced something similar at the hands of the same white, male student at Minerva. In her, I found strength, non-verbalized solidarity.  The next day, the perpetrator reaches out to me. He wants to talk to me. I have no intention of talking to him in a private space. I meet him in the common rooms. He apologizes. It is not clear to him why, he tells me, but he knows that he needs to apologize. He dares to ask me, “What’s wrong with friends with benefits?” I want to cut the conversation short. “I’m removing you from my life for reasons of self-preservation.” He asks, “How should we behave with one another in public spaces?”. I say, “With civility, and nothing more.” As he leaves, he says, “I can see that this is very difficult for you, but I don’t understand why. I appreciate your courage. I am sorry.” Was it earnest? Was it repentful? Was it all for the show?  I spent much of my second year ruminating over what happened to me in the first year. The perpetrator’s apology insulated him from a public accusation and an official report but my being was in shambles. Recently, a new but treasured friend told me, “Strange how people live in our minds, rent-free.” What was I asking myself during this period of brokenness? I had not been raped or was it rape, but consensual, the kind that “asked for it” (Kurt Cobain once sang, “Rape Me”)? At random moments of the day, my mind wandered to the crime scene. I am at a boxing class with a classmate. We are preparing to get on the floor, wrapping our hands. Was it rape? I ask. She listens, doesn’t respond.  in front of the Deoksugung Palace, Seoul (September, 2018) I found solace in the other woman student who had been victimized by this student. I found comfort in my friend’s unwavering words, “He was in the wrong, and now he is trying his luck with other girls. I have seen it with my eyes.” What would have happened to me without those words? I wonder. How close was oblivion?  “Strange how people live in our minds, rent-free.” I saw the perpetrator in school, in classes, in so-called “community gatherings” and thought, to hell with this “community”. A word forced down my throat that I could not keep down, and so I didn’t. I spent most of my hours inside my room or escaped entirely into the wilderness of the cities in our curriculum, and the cities embraced me whole-heartedly. Did I not write earlier about the JCCSF, one of my homes?  Apart from the obvious incident of sexual assault, I found myself reflecting on various past and current interactions which hurt. I remembered male students repeatedly talking over me in Computational Science classes, asking me to change my clothes when I wore a short dress, a white, European student demanding me to acknowledge the patriarchy of Black and brown men so that he can instrumentalize my pain for his ideological agenda, to assert the supremacy of western civilizations. I felt like I was biting on sand grains when a classmate told me about nights out in Seoul clubs, about how the male Minervans would cluster around the women so they could dance without being bothered by pesky onlookers. Which women? My mind screamed. Not me.  No one protected me, when, for instance, I was called “emotionally damaged” because I, as a young college student, did not want to pursue a serious commitment with another white, male student. I explicitly remember how I broke things off, and then the next day, the same student broke things off with me. At a playground in Seoul, I spoke to a mutual friend of ours about my take on how we separated when he surprisingly exclaimed, “All this while, I thought you were the culprit.” The sting in those words! What is the appeal of [his] popularity that it can diminish the humanity of another, my humanity? Why do I have to speak up and explain myself for others to consider that another’s testimony might be unfair (and inaccurate), that I am in pain? Such feelings also struck me when I saw women students flaunting photos with accused perpetrators in the class in the first-year! Not a hint of solidarity for the victim. No shame.  mural in Pondicherry City (March, 2020) Is a friend, a friend?  I am roaming a park in Berlin with my now ex-friend. I am growing increasingly uncomfortable as the conversation advances. He tells me, “I hate it when women say, ‘all men are shit.’” I take this innocently, “Taken literally, it can sound like an unfair generalization, but surely, you understand where it’s coming from? From the oppression that women and non-males experience in a patriarchal mode of culture, a male-dominated world? A complaint to help cope.”  at the Sport Disrupted: Sex_uality Matters conference where I was volunteering, held in Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung, Berlin (November, 2019) He insists. He fidgets. He wants to argue. He says, “I am not shit.” I say, “Sure, but that’s beside the point.” His face begins to morph into something I have seen before, something unyielding and greedy. It is a confluence of patriarchal inclinations that will not be satisfied until it has total and complete victory over your experiences. Until it can absolve itself of the blame for the pain that it has caused you, until you are grateful. I cannot believe the direction of this conversation, as this is one of my closest friends. I go into shock mode: has he always been this way? Why does he express himself now? What has caused him to think that it is permissible to speak to me this way now? He cites male suicide rates, as if a professor is right there, ready to hand him an undeserved 4 for the pseudo-intellectualism he presents. (Sometimes, that’s what I suspect our 21st century Minerva education is doing for us, teaching us how to dress up our misogyny, our bigotry, our racism and our colonialism in fancy latin words & other aesthetics of intellectualism.) He asserts that women’s refusal to empathize with men and their needless blaming of men and false accusations resulting from #MeToo cause so much psychological damage to men, that it is one of the driving, if not the driving reason, for men’s suicide rates. He resists my argument when I point out that in the United States, if that’s where he was citing his statistics from, it is widely acknowledged that women report greater suicide attempts than men, but that men’s attempts are often more violent, leading to death before intervention. He is slippery like a snake, and I confront him directly: “So, you think women should stay quiet when they’re raped?” He won’t answer the question. He won’t answer the question, and I am feeling unsafe. There are other people in this park, we are not alone, but I am not safe in his company. I think about all that he knows about me: how I confided in him during my moments of loneliness, how I talked to him about my childhood aspirations, my upbringing in বাংলাদেশ (Bangladesh), my hopes for the future. I am shocked. He knows so much he could use against me to sabotage my emotional well-being. I am scared.  I go into shock mode. The conversation drags on for an hour and a half, by the end of which I reassure his pathetic male ego, that I do not think him “shit” but that I am very shocked with the way he has handled this conversation, unloading every refuted #NotAllMen, incel talking point in the book. The conversation has to end.  The treachery of perspective is that, in most of my support groups, the above description alone is enough to communicate everything that’s wrong with the situation, the conversation, him. There will be no: can you explain this further? Are you sure about that? Have you thought about [insert external factor which is used to invalidate my experience]? They will not grill me for statistics or so-called “empirical evidence” (negating that my experience is as empirical as any). They will honor my experience and consider that my testimony has equal, if not greater, validity as hard numbers. They will not make me second guess myself. They will not GASLIGHT me. The detail that I provided above is enough to outline to my well-wishers to understand why the conversation was not worth my time, that it was detrimental to my well-being, as a person, and to the world, at large, due to the barrier it poses in the fight for a just and gender-inclusive future.  I do not have that support in the Minerva community, only isolated pockets of friends and staff members who I can seek refuge in for a few moments of safety before I am again launched back into the community with its culturally ingrained racialized patriarchy.  A different afternoon. Same person. We sit across from each other. Our conversation flows between topics, when suddenly, he stops me in my tracks and says, “Women’s thoughts are so scattered. Just look at how you are switching between conversation topics.” I stopped cold. I thought I was being listened to. Now, I realize that I was being judged. He says, “This is why women are not prepared for leadership, especially under high-risk conditions.”  “Biology determines it,” he continues. “Men’s minds stay focused on one thing at any one time,” he continues.  He smirks. A self-congratulatory expression on his face. Disgusting. He had not said anything like this when he asked for my help with his probability homework for a Computational Sciences course, but he had not been easy to help, exclaiming at various instances about some other male friend of his who was a “master” of the topic.  I have nowhere to go. I lock myself in my apartment and pace back and forth. Everything feels wrong. What’s going on? How could I have been so blind? Could it be that this hostility, which is the one word that describes his behavior in my mind when I look back, showed in its full glory when I became romantically interested in someone I met in the city? Do I have to apologize for liking someone else, and not reciprocating his feelings, though I had made it clear since day one that I was not interested? Is this the tax for our friendship, to quench his jealousy? I won’t pay it. I refuse. I retreat.  In a letter to a mentor, I write: “I feel naive, stupid, and betrayed. Who have I to blame but myself?”  There were warning signs earlier. Signs such as the said male student refusing to invite me to gatherings with his other male friends, because they would objectify women and say demeaning things and “I would get offended.” None of the other women from his cultural background participates in their friend group for this reason. Instead of saying, “I will hold my friends accountable for anything disrespectful they say to you or about women at large,” he said, “You will get angry, and I have to deal with that and apologize to all parties.” How could he speak to me this way? I asked myself. Was there something about me, weak and passive, that allowed people to sabotage my self-worth under the guise of “friendship”?  To be fair, the ex-friend, when he had been a friend, claimed to realize his mistake and invited me to the next gathering. He even apologized for the jealousy, though he removed the message shortly after. Too late. In Berlin, I was invited to my first ever party at Minerva. A personal invite, and one in which I potentially, as a brown person, had more legitimacy since we were celebrating Diwali.  My maternal family has a long lineage of Hindu followers, though Diwali isn’t a popular festival among the Hindu peoples in বাংলাদেশ. When I was eight years old, I spent a year at a boarding school in Darjeeling, India, and Diwali was among my favorite (and probably most dangerous) experiences. We decorated the school grounds with patterns made from colored rice, lentils, and powder, and in the evening, we lit earthen lamps around the playgrounds. A group of us huddled close to each other in a circle and ignited a type of small firework at the center. I can’t remember if I was a part of the circle, or not, but I remember that there was laughter, and it was so, so bright. Talk about having high expectations.  I invited two of my local friends, hailing from Belgium, to the Diwali party. They were beautiful white women. The men in the room clamored around them. Some that had never spoken to me before acknowledged my existence for the very first time, it seemed, as though I was finally valid by association. White men who never let me finish my sentences at earlier instances, who painfully asked me to repeat myself instead of listening more carefully in previous interactions, wanted to elongate the conversation. My friends were not interested.  A few more greetings. A familiar face, and then a hug (we are talking pre-pandemic times), and suddenly, my classmate groped my chest. Where did that come from? I looked at the classmate I was embracing. His face looks unaware. A so-called “one of my own.” A South Asian student. Was that intentional? Do I let it slide? I have never been invited to a party before.  with Eva Perón at La Recoleta Cemetery, Buenos Aires (March, 2020) Fast forward a few evenings. My head is leaning on the shoulders of another friend. I tell him, tearfully. “What’s my problem?” “Please, tell me.” “Why can’t I speak up?” “How am I supposed to face him again? The tacit knowledge of my physical violation?” “Why don’t I defend myself?” “What’s wrong with me?” Feminism is a controversial topic in the Minerva community. I don’t understand why. Why do the men in our community lack accountability and awareness, and why do the non-males let it slide? As a fellow student recently articulated to me, it is imperative that we ask ourselves, “How can we create long-term routes to address the culturally-ingrained patriarchy in our community?“ We have to reckon with the culture of silence, our tolerance for anti-feminist behavior, and our institutional failures to create gender-inclusive spaces that go beyond performative feminism.  Further, a lot of violence in our community happens in secret in interpersonal relationships, a topic that I cannot do justice to, but I will let it stand here to prompt reflection or future writings. The lack of sufficient cultural dexterity training is an example of the kind of institutional abandon that enables misogyny to go unchecked in our community. Consider that San Francisco, our first-year rotation city, can be a difficult adjustment for a student who grew up in a homogeneous society, in terms of religious and political demographics or otherwise. Even students from the United States have described their first-year to me as a “cultural shock”. When Foundation Year students arrived in San Francisco, many experienced the Folsom Street Fair, “a yearly BDSM and leather subculture street fair,” which is held in September. Naturally, for a student just uprooted from their home communities, possibly for the first time, this experience is supposed to be a shock. Minerva is supposed to prepare students and walk beside them as they step into such new worlds that sometimes include public displays of kink. However, cultural dexterity programming, in my year, was sorely lacking, with little to no preparation for the most vulnerable students on what they signed up for. The absence of preparation for this shift and shock is an example of the neglect that contributes to misogyny among the students, because cultural stereotyping, ethnicity and race are inseparable from gendered prejudice, and because our programming around sexual assault awareness and prevention is marked by grave omissions and limited exploration about the nuances of consent.  Further, a lot of violence in our community happens in secret in interpersonal relationships, a topic that I cannot do justice to, but I will let it stand here to prompt reflection or future writings. Regarding such matters and others, I did not speak up as frequently as I should have in the past. I often berate myself about this. A voice is a great ethical responsibility, and perspective even greater, but both are existentially nauseating to me. Someone recently told me, “A voice does not rise if there are wounds in your heart. You first have to heal.”  So, are my wounds healing? I don’t know. I do know, however, that I don’t care if I begin Year 4 without a single person to call a friend. I will speak my mind and heart, so watch out and let’s continue. at Ocean Beach, San Francisco (July, 2020) In Buenos Aires, the Student Experience (SXP) Team organized a conversation with local feminist activists. A full house event in the common rooms of Le Petit Suites. I sat there, not understanding anything about what was going on. Were there any readings? What does it matter: where would I get time to read them given the academic and metaphysical stress I was under?  A student conducts the interviews with the activists, but I have no context to understand what’s going on — a Q&A session. There might as well not have been one. A single white male student in the room is acknowledged for being there. I feel estranged. Is this not one of the white male students who thinks I am not worth talking to or even acknowledging unless I am with my white female friend or her white boyfriend? Does he respect women? Women of color? What does he gain from being a part of this conversation? An impression of egalitarianism? That sells in this community as in the rest of the world. Feminism sells. A white, male student in one of my Social Science classes once questioned whether women in Saudi Arabia even want rights. I don’t care how he described himself, whether he was speaking for himself and the western supremacist misogynist that he is, or for some third-party bystander who could even hold this view for a minute. I don’t care what mix of ignorance, prejudice, and evil causes him to think that he, as a white, male European citizen, is a minority voice that is marginalized due to the so-called “progressive bias” of Minerva students (yes, he said THAT). I don’t care. The professor entertained the question under some insincere and colorblind name of intellectual freedom, and no one in the class was equipped to respond with the detail such an occasion calls for, owing to the frenetic, shallow, and west-centered, liberal nature of our curriculums. How can statements displaying such blatant ignorance, lack of critical wisdom, and absence of compassion for marginalized groups be present in a community that claims to be a community, that too an inclusive one? I am not surprised to hear that there are incels posting anonymously in the MiConfidant group. Entitled and violent men in our community can only be expected to express themselves anonymously, though I have a few guesses about who they are. Eliot Rodger, a misogynist killer, murdered two women and stabbed three men of color before he killed himself, to seek retribution from women and society for refusing him his god-given right to get laid. Are you going to kill me too?   I don’t care what mix of ignorance, prejudice, and evil causes him to think that he, as a white, male European citizen, is a minority voice that is marginalized due to the so-called “progressive bias” of Minerva students. I opted out of MiConfidant as soon as I realized the toxic platform it had the potential to become, which was quite early. So, I missed a lot of it. However, I did spot a discussion among the women and gender non-conforming students in our community on Facebook expressing various levels of discomfort. Hear this, our budding incels, it’s the discomfort that you have caused. Hear this, allies and protectors and bystanders of incels, you are complicit, too.  A couple of weeks ago, I attended a game night at the current Minerva residence in San Francisco (originally land of the Ramaytush and other Indigenous peoples). The game we played was “Secret Hitler” — a game that did not sit easily with me. I was not consulted before the game was decided on. My fears came from not knowing the best way to touch on the topic of the Second World War, and genuine concerns that contemporary references, unless done well, could perpetuate fascist beliefs or diminish the seriousness of the subject. Once, I took an online course which claimed that we remember the national socialist german workers’ party exactly how they wanted to be remembered, and it’s dangerous, and the ethical weight even more pressing with the ongoing presence of anti-Semitism and rightwing terror around the world. In fact, I was in Germany for my Fall semester last year when there was a synagogue shooting in the city of Halle. An armed perpetrator attempted to shoot down worshipers at a Yom Kippur service, and when failing to do so, murdered two people on the streets. Alas, there is no room for me to spark this conversation, the game has already begun, so I let it go. at the Jüdisches Museum Berlin (December, 2019) As the game goes on, people get very involved. The loudest are in a sour mood. They are screaming like it’s a family drama show, and then I hear someone say, “b*t*#.” My skin crawls. People are excited, did no one else notice? Then, a woman says it too, followed by a man. He said it with a slither, and it makes me shiver. What should I do? If I correct them, they would hate me.  I later confronted the male student that used the word to tell him, individually,  how unwelcome I had felt as a result. Though he took my feedback politely, he didn’t seem to understand why it mattered to me, why it had made the environment unwelcoming for me. Somehow, that this is a word that has been historically used to silence women is not enough rationale for him. That I, as a female-presenting person of color, am affected by it does not seem sufficient, further explanation is required. Why? The same student had told me earlier that his life was “unencumbered by matters of ethnicity and racial privilege”. What does a statement like this signal but a complete lack of self-criticism on how he is complicit to, and benefits from, the systems of oppression that he may, or may not be, deliberately participating in? This student calls himself a “leftist”.  When I talked about my acceptance into my current research program at the Santa Fe Institute, a devastatingly close male friend of mine, a person of color who also applied, said I got in because of a diversity quota. I was totally dumbfounded. According to him, my strengths in the Social Sciences, along with Computational Sciences, and my female-presenting body meant that I was accepted to make the program administrators feel better about their diversity initiatives, that intrinsically I was unworthy, the opportunity undeserved (perhaps compared to him). With the academic, professional, psychological and logistical challenges of the Minerva curriculum already eating away at my self-esteem and hijacking any sense of existential certainty, hearing such words was damaging beyond measure, that is, if I’d let myself dwell on them. I stopped talking to him for months, and when I finally broke the silence, he apologized and said that he didn’t realize the effect such a statement would have on me (an apology that still refused to own up to the full misogyny inflicted). He, an international student from a minoritized background to the United States of America, added, “I still take issue with affirmative action”. What causes such distorted views, and why do I have to bear the brunt? I was shocked the first time I heard that there was an all-male students’ group on Facebook. The entire premise of such a space baffles me. How can this exist? I don’t understand. A male space because there is a safe space for women and gender non-conforming people? As if we are suspended outside of the societal context of patriarchy and women and gender non-conformers’s physical, economic, social, and political domination, and this is a balancing act. What is the premise of this group?  Why? A male-exclusive space could make sense if it was a space for men to discuss their misogyny with other male students and hold each other accountable, but as of now, I have NO IDEA what’s happening in the men’s group. I am downright scared, given the tone and contents of the MiConfidant posts. Are men holding each other accountable? Do they have our, that is, women’s and gender-non-conforming students’, best interests at heart? Is the Minerva community safe?  Experiences of systemic sexism and racism are intersectional, covert and under the radar (especially in a community that prides itself on its progressive values, at least on the surface). As my experiences demonstrate, the overlap of racism and misogyny is rarely a clear cut story in the moment, but the addition of a lot of small things that cumulatively creates a space that caused me in particular, and us women and gender non-conforming students of color, in general, to feel unwelcome, disrespected and dehumanized.  Without institutional support and unambiguous programming on Minerva’s part, our multi-gendered and cross-cultural community simply will not flourish. At the same time, however, most students, especially in their third or fourth years, whether they have been hurt by the community or caused hurt or both, become engrossed in planning for life after Minerva, about jobs, visas, graduate schools and Capstone — as a result, the possibility of personal efforts towards change or for institutional teaching (and learning) becomes grim. It is truly unfortunate, because college, specifically ours, is for many the last chance to transform our views and how we act before we are consumed by the throes of adult life.  at the Love and Ethnology exhibit of the Haus der Kulturen der Welt in Berlin (October, 2019) In my final thoughts, I will directly address how the white women in our student community practice yoga. This phenomena strongly emphasizes the combined effects of discrimination based on race and gender in Minerva; how being a woman does not exclude you from being an oppressor in other dimensions and how “without intersectionality, feminism largely focuses on white women’s experiences with sexism”. This is apparent from the diverse incentives, rhetoric and recruiting strategies of xenophobic women of the alt right, but to zoom into subtler dynamics closer to home: white women students in the Minerva student community hold considerable privilege that they exercise without restraint over Black and brown bodies.  In a Buzzfeed commentary, Aisha Mirza, a brown woman from East London, wrote about accidentally stepping on a white woman’s yoga mat and receiving a glare in return, a glare that she explains as follows: “this look is the reason I have always felt dirty — or at least never quite clean.” Mirza further adds, “White women, especially the monied ones, are so dangerous because they are allowed to be so soft. Stroke by stroke, they construct a type of womanhood that viciously negates the fact their bodies still function as agents of white supremacy. They are so gentle with themselves that they simply cannot comprehend that they could be oppressed and yet still oppressive.“ The yoga-practicing white women of our community, and the white women students at large contribute significantly to the oppressive environment of Minerva. When they announce yoga classes in the sun, are they mindful of what they are taking from? Have they considered their participation in yoga through a critical lens? When they flaunt how ethically vegan or vegetarian they are, do they even consider the agricultural exploitation in global trade networks which manufacture poverty in the global South: robbing our mothers, our sisters, and our daughters of food, of breath? Have they held other white people accountable for the ways they silence us, when they make fun of our accents, our head nods, the smells of our food, when they thumbs down our comments urging the decolonization of academia, like they know better, showing no willingness to engage? Do they hold themselves accountable when they use their social clout to silence us, dismiss us, exoticize us, when they take up space and make us small?  The pain that Black and brown bodies, as well as other minoritized bodies, endure in this community, rife with racism, colonialism, misogyny and denialism, hits us hardest. Have you [white women] been comrades to us women and gender-non-conformers of color? Is it enough to congratulate yourself if you have friends of color and if you can speak a host country’s language or devour its cuisine? When will you start the necessary process of acknowledging the social, cultural, and economic privilege of whiteness which colors each and every hour at Minerva for the rest of us?   Without institutional support and unambiguous programming on Minerva’s part, our multi-gendered and cross-cultural community simply will not flourish. Honestly, though, I have even heard students, including women from minoritized backgrounds, say, “She’s using her female privilege.”  “There is no discrimination against women or Black people in STEM.” “Women have to stop playing the gender card.” Waiting around for anyone else to free you is like waiting for Godot, who never arrives.  جمعة مبارك jumu’ah mubaarakah שַׁבָּת שָׁלוֹם  shabbat shalom    A heartfelt thanks to all who gave me valuable feedback in my writing process and helped me tell my stories.
 You grew up being complimented based on your looks. “What a pretty child,” they say. “You look like you’ve gotten more beautiful,” they comment. Marks of praise you happily accepted because you felt appreciated, accepted, wanted. Their praise was a mark of achievement, a stamp of approval. “You shouldn’t wear vertical stripes because it makes you look fat.”  “Black is a slimming colour.”  “Have you gained weight recently?” They say these things to you so nonchalantly, subtly, as if commenting on the weather. You don’t think much of it, in fact, you just take it as it is —  well-meaning advice. So, you don’t buy clothes with vertical stripes, your wardrobe starts looking darker and you look at yourself in the mirror and wonder, “Have I really put on weight?” Over the years, the implications of these thoughts start creeping in and make up your world view that ‘skinny’ equals beauty, that beauty is desirable. Then, you begin to wonder: Is being beautiful so important? Regardless, you go to school and attend classes — Math, Science, English, History, the like. A classic question is thrown your way, “What do you want to be when you grow up?”  You say something in the fields of engineering, finance, law.  The response comes in the form of a surprise. They would not have thought it suited you. Their response strikes you as strange, so you ask them why.  “Girls don’t typically go into those fields.”  You feel indignant and initially you start to refute their claims, but something stops you. Lo and behold, the amalgamation of voices throughout your life tells you, “Girls are not as good at rational thinking as men, girls are better suited to simpler fields.” These claims have no basis, built upon false impressions and flawed reasons, brittle material to create your cage. Yet you hesitate to test its bars. What if it turns out to be true? In hindsight, when you proved the stereotype true, there were few consequences. But in that moment you felt like something much bigger was at stake. Your pride? Your self-esteem? You cannot quite put your finger on it, so you wonder: Am I limited because of my gender? At the end of the day,  you walk down a street. The street is not particularly dark or deserted or even dangerous. But you clutch your backpack tighter, think of everything on your person that can be used as a weapon, assess who might hear you if you scream, and wonder if anyone knows your location. The caution seems like a natural reaction to such a situation, what anyone would do. “Was it a super sketchy place? I’ve rarely ever felt the need to do those things,” your male friend says. That is when it hits you. The two of you do not live in the same world. Your world is danger, fear, and vulnerability. His world is free — one where his heart doesn’t race every time he walks alone, where he rarely has to think twice about the clothes he wears or the way he speaks, and where he feels like the world is on his side. How strange to live so far apart when you are standing right next to each other. You wonder: Does this world have no place for me? You continue to grow up: speaking to a broader range of people, reading books, living in different settings, learning and learning. These questions you keep asking yourself, you get it now.  But the answer is not yes or no. It holds nuance. Beauty matters, but not by the metrics with which it was defined to you. You learn that there are different kinds. There is the beauty that shines from within when you see love and kindness. There is the beauty of self-expression that manifests in interesting fashion choices, dyed hair, tattoos and the golden halo of self-love. There is the beauty of perspective. Your gender limits you, but not inherently. Society’s fixation with gender roles lacks any sort of scientific basis and is borne out of a culture that perpetuates these views through their actions. A single Google search proves it to you and shows the disparity in the number of women in fields of engineering, finance, law compared to men and the barriers denying women’s entrance. These statistics are recent and the women’s struggles from the 1800s so relatable. False impressions caging two hundred years of women from reaching their potential. You take a chance and pull the bars only to realise they were holograms — figments of an erroneous society’s imagination. And finally, you find a place where you belong. A place in the hearts of tens of millions of people who feel like you. They wait for you to step through the bars, patiently wait for you to realise that these holograms are all playing a trick on your eyes — a perceptual deception. You make that step. And you feel free. At times, the bars look a little more solid, a little more real, but you remember that you will find a way to be set free, just as you did the first time and just as you will do every time.  And continue to do until you can stand together with the rest of the world unhindered by gender — equal, united, happy.
 Sometimes I congratulate myself for achieving this social victory. The victory that social media influencers and popular media preach in their #loveyourself campaigns. The victory that admonishments like oi leng moi meng, a Cantonese saying about prioritising life over beauty, celebrates. The victory of body positivity. I replaced targeted fat-reducing workouts with yoga centered on flexibility. I chased away the voices in my head that drove me to fastidiously count my calories. I distanced myself from all weighing scales and body measurement tools.  My size doesn’t matter, I told myself.  I was free. In the beginning, I found it difficult to embrace body positivity. I wanted to adopt the mindset because of encouragement from the media and exhaustion from fighting myself. I couldn’t imagine continuing life like this — prolonging hunger by hours to cut down my meals each day, swapping rice for salads, and pushing myself to do one more squat.  But freedom is not won easily.  How could I look at my unflat stomach in the mirror and see beauty? How could my thighs that easily rubbed together be good? How could my arms that jiggled when I flicked at them bring anything but disgust? There was nothing good about my body. There was nothing beautiful about being fat. I struggled for years to change the way I saw myself. My fists poised a little higher and struck back each time I chanted to myself ‘You will never be skinny enough’. The thought was an empowering, albeit slightly bleak, way to finally escape from the longtime captor of my thoughts — skinniness. Each time someone commented about my body, I retorted with ‘it doesn’t matter’. And I began to believe just a little more that my size truly doesn’t matter. Nowadays, I don’t think about my body too much. I don’t fuss over my diet. I don’t exercise to the point of exhaustion trying to lose a few more calories. But that isn’t really body-positivity. It’s body apathy. I don’t measure myself on weighing scales, not because I don’t care, but because I am afraid of the numbers I will see. I find solace in not knowing. But pretending that a part of myself doesn’t exist does not equate to love. In fact, it’s worse than hate because at least in hate I acknowledge myself. Now, I simply refuse to see. I pretend that my choice of apples over bananas is because they taste better. But am I sure it isn’t because I know apples have fewer calories than bananas?  I pretend each time I practice yoga that I try harder because I want to be more flexible, stronger. But am I sure my captor is not seducing me with the thought that yoga too might make me slimmer? I am not at war with myself anymore because I’ve refused to acknowledge the enemy of my mind. The shackles are still solidly around my feet. I’ve become the poster child for Stockholm syndrome, telling myself I am free when I am clearly not because a part of me still longs to be beautifully skinny. My actions tell a different story than my endeavors to rip myself away from those fantasies. I exercise fervently telling myself I want to be healthy. Yet, I hope it will slim me down. I skip meals telling myself I want to save money. Yet, I hope it will pull down my calorie count. I avoid weighing scales telling myself I don’t care about a number. Yet, I hope the number will keep falling. I keep pretending things have changed. Yet, nothing has. I trained myself to be apathetic, to erase the very idea of weight from my mind, only to realise that the only thing I have scrubbed away is my self-awareness. Sigh… Doesn’t it feel like I’m back at square one? I struggle to change because for as many messages that preach body positivity — there is a subtle one that tells otherwise. Don’t I hear a twinge of disappointment when my relatives tell me I’ve gotten bigger since the last time they saw me? Isn’t that a hint of a smile I see when they think I’ve gotten thinner? Don’t I hear a hint of pride when my friends tell me how little they’ve been eating? Isn’t that dissatisfaction I see when they mention that they’ve had too many carbs? Am I imagining things? Aren’t these the same people who tell me that my health matters above all else? But the message I am getting here is that health matters, after you’re skinny.  Most of the time, I can’t help but agree. It is difficult to un-love skinny beauty. I’ve read countless articles about how weight loss is not always the answer, about how skinniness rose as an aesthetic preference, about the value of loving yourself. Yet, I can’t help but be drawn to the aesthetic and social value of skinny beauty.  I love bodycon dresses, bob-cuts and crop tops. I love flat stomachs, protruding collarbones and thigh gaps. I love seeing the number on the weighing scale go down, hearing praise on my weight loss and watching myself become smaller. I struggle to feel at peace in my own skin, drowning out negativity with apathy, flushing down any disparaging thought against my own body before it even surfaces. This is war, and I am on the defensive. But I remember different days where there was true peace in my mind, where I looked at myself and didn’t think of anything, where I acknowledged my size and accepted it as much a part of me as I did my hair colour or ears. I remember days in my childhood when I didn’t avert my eyes pretending not to care because skinny beauty simply did not matter to me. Then, I grew up and skinny beauty mattered. I chased after it, a plastic trophy marking my win in society.  I’ve finally become everything everyone ever wanted.  I’ve finally tortured my body to fit into a mould that does not fit me. I’ve come to claim my prize. I’ve come to claim your affection. This is my hero’s journey, isn’t it? After all, don’t all the fairytales tell it that way? Don’t they all start with the fair princess whose whole entire arc is propelled by her beauty? Don’t the beautiful win in real life too? I know my limits. I know I cannot sustainably stay at 48 kilos any more than I can grow another 10 centimetres. I know I cannot have a less round face any more than my foot can fit into size 8 shoes. But there is a distinction between the constraints and obstacles of my body — the parts I cannot feasibly change — and the parts perseverance and strength can. The toes I can touch when I could only reach my shins before, the new-found confidence I feel in dresses.  These victories were important to me because they were privileges I believed skinny beauty monopolised. I believed my stomach fat prevented my body from bending, even though I’ve seen large people touch their toes. I believed dresses were designed for the skinny, even though they were designed for all different body types. I proved my own fallacious thoughts wrong,  victorious without skinny beauty Yet, the battle rages on. For until I reach the point where I can look at a weighing scale without fear, walk past a mirror without assessing the flatness of my stomach, see myself truly and say ‘this is beautiful’. Until then, I know I have not won this war, I know I remain a captive to skinny beauty. Author’s Note: For those who saw themselves in these words, I hope you find comfort knowing you are not alone.
 78 percent of Minerva’s student body comes from outside the United States, according to the schools’ website, a remarkable figure compared to other American universities. We, as students, know this and include it on our standard list of bragging points: seven cities, cutting-edge curriculum, and an international student body. When Minerva as an institution presents itself to new cities and partners, it often also emphasizes these achievements.  The relevance of Minerva’s framing of its student body struck me after Fall 2019 Civitas. Our staff members, as is common in such events, kicked off Civitas with a reminder to students, marked with a blue sticker, and civic partners, marked with a red sticker, that we were an incredibly diverse group. Our presenters specifically alluded to our varied nationalities on multiple occasions. At those moments, I found myself wondering what the room would look like if we were to reorganize the stickers to distinguish those who were “diverse” from those who were not?  I had previously thought about what it means to highlight students’ backgrounds in the summer of 2019, when I conducted research at Out of Eden Learn (OOEL), an online learning project at the Harvard Graduate School of Education. OOEL’s platform hosts over 30,000 students from around the world and I was particularly keen to emphasize its cross-cultural success, with students representing 60 countries and 399 cities. I gleefully drafted a blog post presenting my research results, writing “the OOEL platform represents a diverse cohort of students, who speak 144 different languages, as special as [insert a list of exotic-sounding languages]”. It was only later, when my supervisor told me I should be careful not to “tokenize” students, that I realized the dynamic I was unconsciously playing into.   In the context of my internship, an array of hard-to-pronounce languages was my attempt to capitalize on the “diversity” of our student demographic.  How we describe a person or an institution is part of a feedback loop which signals and sustains specific impressions. An example close to home is the name of an institution. Consider the phenomena where many employers will not scan a resume unless the student is a graduate of an Ivy League school. In such instances, the name “Harvard” or “Princeton” signals prestige and merit. Institutions garner such social capital because employers believe they are merit worthy, due to a mix of historic precedent, selective screening, and/or strong curriculum. In turn, institutions supply meritorious alumni to those employers. An interesting analysis shows that we don’t have to agree on a consistent and objective definition of merit for this exchange to happen. Similarly, certain words and practices signal the moral currency of a person or institution. For instance, consider the word “sustainable.” Slap it onto any consumer product, regardless of its environmental impact, and its connotation makes this product far more appealing than alternatives.  Nancy Leong, a University of Denver law professor, dubbed an analogous dynamic “racial capitalism,” which she defines as “an individual or group deriving value from the racial identity of another person.” The lines between race, ethnicity, and nationality are undoubtedly blurry. In the context of my internship, however, an array of hard-to-pronounce languages was my attempt to capitalize on the “diversity” of our student demographic.  OOEL was rightly wary of this dynamic — of singling out students, especially those from underrepresented locations, drawing unwarranted attention to their backgrounds, and mentioning their participation in the platform only in reference to their identity. All for the sake of affirming the international-ness of OOEL. As my supervisor confronted me, I began to reflect on my own experiences: when I was one of the very few people of color in the room (sometimes the only one); when I felt overly self-conscious as other people indiscreetly glanced at me; and when all that seemed to matter about me in conversations was the question, “Where are you from?” I am incredibly proud of my country, Bangladesh. I grew up in the bustling capital city Dhaka, which I once described in a poem as: “No city in the World like this, Not Rome, not London, nor Paris” However, my nationality is not the only attribute that I bring to Minerva, civic projects, or external organizations.  Similarly, for the “diverse” among us, it feels rather odd when, perhaps unintentionally, Minerva only highlights the part of us that makes the school a “global” institution. I acknowledge that I may be hypervigilant about examples where our identities are referenced (an attention bias of some kind). However, the point still stands that even students from the same countries or regions often have completely different experiences, by virtue of social class, age, gender, whether they grew up in an urban area or a rural area, religion, language, and personal attributes or temperaments. Ergo, there is no easy definition of diversity and fixating on one attribute in isolation can be misleading.  For the “diverse” among us, it feels rather odd when, perhaps unintentionally, Minerva only highlights the part of us that makes the school a “global” institution. As I write this, I think back to the All-Africa 10:01 hosted by M’21 students in Seoul last year, where Stella Odiwuor expressed her inability to completely relate to the African American experience as an African. So, she added, it was inconvenient when other people drew conclusions about her based on a superficial similarity like skin color. I experienced something similar, when, one night in Berlin, I was lost at a train station with a friend from Slovakia. Each time she asked for directions, we first received responses in German, on the innocent assumption that she was a native. While it is valid to presuppose that anyone in a country/city is a native or at least speaks the language, these two examples illustrate that looks can be deceiving.  Programs that try to promote diversity by hyper-focusing on appearances can have counterintuitive effects. As American writer Anna Holmes shares in her op-ed, “When I was starting out in magazines, I was told by a colleague that my hiring was part of the company’s diversity push, and that my boss had received a significant bonus as a result of recruiting me. Whether or not it was true, it colored the next few years I spent there, making me wonder whether I was simply some sort of symbol to make the higher-ups feel better about themselves.”  All this is not to say that background is irrelevant; in fact, many of our interests and passions are a product of the intimate experiences we have within specific cultural and social contexts. My interest in politics, for instance, is a direct result of the Bangladeshi government’s inability to manage certain social problems I witnessed growing up, such as religious extremism and intolerance of sexual minorities. Often, it can be comforting, exciting, and useful (in terms of political representation) to unite exclusively with people who identify, in whole or in part, as Bangladeshi. It allows me to appreciate and better understand the experiences we share.  Still, people can have a substantive understanding of themselves which pervades contemporary social categories, and in those instances, words are restrictive. Therefore, a narrowly understood notion of ‘diversity’ may come with grave risks, reinforcing old hierarchies and positioning one group as the default, all else as Other. I am reminded of a recent concert, where I learned that the word we use to describe people from Wales, “Welsh”, is a derivative of a Germanic word Wælisc meaning “foreigner”. The presenter immediately followed up, “That is not how we saw ourselves.”  I have yet to encounter a dialogue which critically negotiates the meaning of diversity, the language we use around it, and its specific goals in the context of Minerva.  So, is the purpose of this article a call-out on how Minerva staff (and students) represent the school? Certainly not. “Diversity” as a word can become suspect and cynical, especially when used insincerely, but it is itself a complex issue. Practically speaking, I believe that it’s still important for us as an institution to emphasize to prospective partners that our student body has students from different walks of life — because we do! In fact, in the final draft of my blogpost for OOEL, our team decided that it would be valuable to list a few languages, albeit with caution and care. The rationale was to emphasize that the platform had a broad reach, as that might potentially encourage more classrooms and educators from similar backgrounds to join the program. (This post elaborates on OOEL’s stance on diversity). However, I have yet to encounter a dialogue which critically negotiates the meaning of diversity, the language we use around it, and its specific goals in the context of Minerva.  My suggestion, therefore, is that we start by asking ourselves a couple of crucial questions, as members of the Minerva community, whether we are staff, students, or faculty:  What are the ways that we can support each other in forming a nuanced understanding of our identities? Are we satisfied to simply check off a box on a list, such as “diverse student body,” or can we create opportunities for students to articulate their diversities on their own terms?  Can we become more intentional to value and recognize the contributions of students, and promote learning spaces where all of us can truly belong?  This post was updated to add a link from OOEL about diversity in their learning community. 
 I was toldIn Science classThat cold waterPoured into hot glassWould shatter itSo why am I surprisedThat I am a creatureOf splintered partsWhen I am an eastern containerMade to swallow western rhetoric I don’t think people understandThat I am still learningTo speak like an AmericanJust so that my voice can take up spaceUnlearning the cultural baggageThat weighed down my spineInto a curved bowOf civility and humblenessOf amiability and sweet agreements  Easy Mai pen raisAnd Sabai SabaiIs hard to get byIn a place full of peopleTaught to talk the talkSo scared of silencesAnd interruptionsIn their capitalist race for vocalization  So how do I with a bowed spinePush to stand besideThese poster childWhat do I do if my fireDrips in tinge of bluesLike the sweet face of the AndamanThat carries the kind of depthsYosemite cannot reach toDifferent from the cutting rednessOf these poster childWho burn bright and flicker fastConquer too soon before they understoodWho they devourWho they eraseIn their manic raceTo make a dent in the worldSo terrified of not being heardThey don’t know how to listen  You see,When they look at meThey see a small-town girlFrom a small-town countryAnd they don’t understand why my voice waverWhen these vocal cords are constantly strainedFrom learning to hold backUnpleasantries in a collectiveAnd then learning to shoutIn an individualist cultureStill practicing the changing rhythmsOf my shifting environmentThey don’t understand why I break so easyAnd come undoneThey don’t understand how I can be so weak  When the short journey they took from their mother’s wombTo where I had to fight tooth and nailTo scramble toTakes a warriorWith a bowed spine yesBut a warrior nonethelessJust to stand alongside these straight-backed creaturesWith perfectly braided hairStiff spines and fine-tuned speech  They don’t understandThat my brand of fiercenessIs my vulnerabilityThat the strengthsMy Khun Yai taught meIs honestyAnd humilityAnd seeing the people who need youThat true strength isn’t in the competitionBut the conversationAnd listening compassionNot how much you can talk the talkOr walk the walkHashtag girlbossBut how far you actually go backToward those who have much less than you do  Growing up in a small town provinceOf a small town countryI have been taught that all you have is one anotherAnd there’s better use of voicesThan to that of shouting over the otherBut ratherTo notice who might be needingSome patient listening  You see, I was toldIn Science classThat cold waterPoured into hot glassWould shatter itAnd I am still learning to put myself back togetherIn a way that I can still keep my rootsAnd still get a place at the tableAnd be heard and understoodBy poster child who weren’t brought up to listenMy kind of inflection
 This piece is a part of a new, anonymous if necessary, student creative writing feature series. If you feel inspired, submit your own work here! If I were not brown, maybe people wouldn’t interrupt me when I talk. If I were not brown, maybe they wouldn’t ask me to repeat my sentence, when I know that I have spoken clearly. If I were not brown, maybe I wouldn’t be considered a minority. If I were not brown, maybe they wouldn’t mistake me for Indian. If I were not brown, maybe I could be more. Because I am brown, when I talk, my friends can see the courage. Because I am brown, some of my mentors listen more carefully. Because I am brown, I am minoritized. Because I am brown, I can pass as — Mexican, Argentine, Arab, Singaporean, Malaysian, Sri Lankan, or American. Because I am brown, I am both myself, and not myself and still agitating. Don’t forget to laugh it off.
 This piece, written by Jahnavi Jayanth from the class of 2020, addresses a problem she sees in the community regarding a segregation of voices – those heard and those not – often falling along cultural, ethnic, or racial lines. We want to open dialogue on this topic and if you have a direct address in response to this article, please reach out to us, and we can assist in editing. This opinion piece does not necessarily reflect the views of The Quest. Talking to a crowd of Minervans isn’t the easiest thing in the world, even as a Minervan. The moment someone speaks, there advances upon them a scary scrutiny that pulls their voice apart. Their voice, whatever little we first hear of it, becomes their identity. And that identity decides whether they speak again or not.  Imagine when this voice sounds different from the voices that are more powerful. Voices that are more powerful for many unassuming reasons; they speak English better (because it is their first language), they don’t and can’t tell stories of being sexually abused, they are similar in thought and values to the majority of the staff at Minerva. You get the picture. They are voices that aren’t stuttering from hurt or fear; they are voices that are confident in sounding right to the institutional norms and authorities, they are voices that are complacent in knowing they cannot be misjudged, likely will not. These voices, by way of belonging to people that are brilliant and talented, and people that were the big fish in the ponds they came from, see the other voice as wrong, sometimes even listening only to prove the other voice wrong. These voices are being told in one way or another, that their identity in this community is wrong. In many ways, we are a microcosm of the world out there. More importantly, the world we want it to be. Let’s skip the part where we bond over the overly complex love-hate relationship everybody has with this community. We are a tossed-salad of opinions, passions, and stories; a pulsating web of adorable and insipid relationships, entangled dreams and nightmares, conflicting and complimentary behaviors and values. In many ways, we are a microcosm of the world out there. More importantly, the world we want it to be.  Admit it or not, we are a strong bunch of people that want to and very likely will leave a mark on the world. We (at least a majority of us) are people claiming we want to leave the world a better place, and this nomadic school as better people. Consider what it means then, about us, if there are voices amongst us that we are inadvertently stifling.  Can we, as thinkers, problem-solvers and future influencers, set our bar this low? Funny thing about going unheard, the person going unheard can’t really say they aren’t being heard to make it known Funny thing about going unheard, the person going unheard can’t really say they aren’t being heard to make it known. Not when the stakes seem low; a four-year college career. Not when the threats aren’t in our faces; white people beating up black people or Americans tippy-toeing around Muslims.  We are not obviously racist, obviously xenophobic, or outright hateful. And the people that are alienated or excluded will likely go on to being successful in their own lives, maybe being affected by this only as much as the outside world affects them, or stifles them. That’s not enough for confetti.  It does not take away from the fact that we are racially prejudiced, culturally insensitive, and inept at handling diversity. Some of us self-segregate by choice and some by resignation.  Whose responsibility is it to speak up when someone goes unheard, and who really is going unheard? It doesn’t have to be big things. San Francisco felt less direct, very innocent. We began by framing the city for all of us, as a land of opportunity, innovation, and growth. Smitten by everything new, this was about giving everyone a chance. An African student was asked if they had hot running water and skyscrapers in Africa People walked into my room to only scrunching up their noses and wrinkling their faces like they were smelling garbage, “Ew. That’s too much masala.” An African student was asked if they had hot running water and skyscrapers in Africa. We asked in MC, whether Heart of Darkness was indeed racist or not. A few staff persons refused to play Bollywood music and Nigerian music because “no one would be interested in that.” When some of us didn’t understand Western references, pop-culture or dorm-culture, we became weird and got laughed at. When white, western males displayed sexist behavior, it was brushed off as mild ignorance or even chivalry and when black or Asian men did, it suddenly became conversation-worthy. We became cultures needing tackling, people needing teaching. We were on foreign grounds and so, this was not our turf to dictate rules, so we neither noticed nor bothered to address anything.  Then we went closer home. In Seoul, we began by addressing cultural differences, many differences of which were alien to say, only half of us. We discussed the public transport culture, the culture of greetings and niceties. A lot of ‘culture’, like it was something ephemeral and exotic. The community started debating whether it was fair or not that the locals were being offended over their culture of drinking being disrespected by us, the foreigners. We discussed the public transport culture, the culture of greetings and niceties. A lot of culture, like it was something ephemeral and exotic. Nobody had told the other half of us about the culture of effusive thank-you’s and omg-how-are-you’s or how to effectively deal with shifting political climates in San Francisco. When we probed why certain classes were very US-centric or western-centric, the justifications were often “It’s what’s most commonly used and therefore most useful knowledge” or, “But, there are so many things wrong with Eastern philosophies.” I began talking to anyone I could, asking them if they also saw what was going on, why something was unsettling about how easily prejudiced we all were. I was told by many, “It is the way it is. That’s the real world for you.” Slowly, the worst began to surface, where some of us had started getting noticeably agitated or hurt, but we were quickly cornered back into resignation. “I mean, what are we going to do about it? It’s sad, but it’s not like they will listen anyway.”   India was looming ahead of us. Our very first framing of the city was the culture of not using toilet paper and the unclean water, why this place is different and why different is laughably weird. Even before we got there, the dominant conversation in a sub-community of non-males that I’d grown to trust and admire very much, was the topic of Indian culture vs. feminism. And the rest of the semester there, I was made to choose. Be rational or be fond of your culture, be butt-hurt and a loud annoyance, or say why you feel like a lesser person because the people in your country are demeaning you and where you belong. Be a feminist or adhere to your clearly regressive culture. “There will be people that stare at you on the roads everywhere,” conversations began and then went on for the entirety of the semester, equipping us to effectively deal with an alien land and its boorish tendencies. How is it we only spent some 10-minutes on the culture of nudity, drugs or punk in Berlin, that quite frankly appalled many and frightened some others? I was gleefully told by classmates that they had made out in temples, that they knew that it was wrong “haha,” but they didn’t notice that I winced. We laughed it off when we got complaints from local hotel staff or our neighbors about our inappropriate dressing sense in public, or outlandish (young, college-going) behavior that we didn’t hide from the kids living in the apartments across. Shouldn’t they have been more liberal and accepting of our liberty to do whatever we want, in their land? No, before you ask, we are not expecting you to know how to behave. We are all young and very prone to being stupid, and that’s okay. It’s that you don’t let us tell you when it’s happening.  It took three months of staring at my screen in defeated silence, for a few minutes every day, to finally write this. I have been termed aggressive, loud and that girl that is always ready to pick a passionate fight about colonialism. So every time I speak, I know there are eyebrows rising, there are annoyed groans in a further distance, and I know I am becoming the content of someone’s jokes. Because of what my voice comes off as what I am saying is often lost.  As you are reading this, are you wondering why I haven’t included or thought of all the times that people were inquisitive, genuinely curious about other cultures, all the granular improvements we have made to our curriculum? You do not want to listen to me because you think I am attacking the person that you are, calling you a horrible racist and you feel the need to defend yourself and your side from the attack on mine. You are looking for me to establish clearly why I’m hurt and feel unheard; you want me to prove how you, as an individual screwed me, over. You want me to establish why my side is right so as to justify that it can be heard. In a community that aspires to be inclusive and democratic, a person is worth being listened to because they are simply human and have something to say. But you shouldn’t be listening to me because I’m being polite or making an elegant argument. In a community that aspires to be inclusive and democratic, a person is worth being listened to because they are simply human and have something to say.  Yes, we are hurt. Individually, every time something like this happens to one of us, we feel a little more invalidated and unimportant. And yes, we are talking to you as an individual. Stop being dramatic though, because you’re not the enemy, I know you have not walked up to my face or anybody else’s and asked them to “shut the fuck up.” What you are doing unintentionally is harmful and problematic as part of a larger culture that perpetuates this, you are not the problem.  And it really is okay to be making mistakes. Just talk to us, when we want to tell you they are happening. Don’t go defeating the purpose of our speaking up by placing unnecessary conditionals on how we need to do so, in order to be heard.   We need to start having uncomfortable conversations, we really do. Even the ones that make us squirm in our seats, feel like complete jackasses and maybe even make us yell or cry. That goes both ways, all ways. Now that we have established we are a pretty uninformed bunch and that we are all going to make so many goddamn mistakes in maneuvering this; let’s get personal. Let’s get comfortable with the idea that we can and are making mistakes and the other person can too.  We are asking you to step up and not stamp someone out when they are saying something that irks you, actively seek out someone that you think hasn’t spoken enough. This does not mean we are asking to be saved. It is one thing to participate and do as much as you can, to make sure the unheard feel like they can speak again and a whole other thing to speak for them. Hint, the latter hints at a brewing savior complex. Don’t avoid the table, because the conversation will be difficult and tell you unsettling things about yourself. Don’t bark at someone because they aren’t as feminist as you are. They are learning; you are, I am.  Regardless of what side you think you are on, what stance you want to take and how much harm you think you have already caused and/or received; seek out a person that you have never listened to. And simply listen. We need all hands on deck to make this work. Because it really is goddamn personal, as it should be, but it is not an attack. If you feel like you’ve understood what I’m saying, and you think you can add your voice to this, please, please do. If you disagree, even if you think this is complete trash, please grab a meal with me? Let’s talk this through. If you really resonate and want to do something immediately, pull aside someone who’s disagreeing the most with you on this and grab a meal with them. It’s time we finally started talking to each other.      
 Like roughly a third of the world, I was born into a Christian household. Like a smaller percentage of these Christians, I learned about other religions and atheism, took some years to reflect on it, and ultimately chose to remain Christian – my definition of Christianity meaning living a life emulating Jesus Christ’s teachings as much as possible. However, unlike any other Christian I know, while I practice Christianity, I hold great disdain for other Christians. I just can’t help but criticize them, look for hypocrisies and inconsistencies in their lifestyle, and doubt the lack of evidence whenever they quote the scripture. I’ve made great effort to never let anyone know this Christian-critical part of me, and not let it manifest in my actions to avoid criticism and conflict. How do I, an imperfect Christian, not call myself out for being a hypocritical, inconsistent Christian? Why do I care about these labels when the modern trend is for everyone to define spirituality, or lack thereof, in their own terms? In the Theory of Knowledge, a course in the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme, they teach that there are eight different ways of knowing, of acquiring knowledge. Two of those are “Reason” and “Faith.” Reason needs no explaining, so let’s focus on faith — the most elusive of all. Faith is conventionally defined as having full trust and confidence in a belief without the need for proof. Most see it as an antonym to reason. The pastor shares the story of a mother diagnosed with cancer, the egregious corruption in the government, the rise of Islamic extremism. The pastor reassures the crowd that if we pray and strengthen our faith, all these things will get better. The kid who’s been to boarding school and is back in church for the first time in two years thinks to himself, “when have thoughts and prayers ever actually accomplished anything? Science, policies, and funding is where it’s at.” Yet here I am, living a seemingly paradoxical life. Complementing my religious faith with logical evidence, expecting other Christians to do the same, but assuming they don’t anyway then criticizing them for that. Living a life guided by Christian values, but treating Christians with disdain like many of my Atheist friends. For how this happened, I have two theories: After I left home for high school, I was no longer surrounded by devout Christians. Outside home, it was apparently the norm to blame religion for all of society’s problems. I could no longer avoid questioning my beliefs as much as everyone else around me did. I felt an overwhelming insecurity in my knowledge of the Bible. I did more research and uncovered the grotesque list of crimes Christians have committed throughout history in the name of Christianity. I developed a general disdain towards the church as an organization and everyone who I perceived to blindly follow the church. Furthermore, although everyone respected one’s right to believe in a God, I felt all the more pressured to come up with a logical reason for having such beliefs. It didn’t help that the seemingly natural conclusion for Christians who’ve been born and raised Christian but were educated abroad was to become Atheist. But somehow, despite all this, I chose to retain my Christian identity and values. I can’t tell you exactly why, but I know it started out with me thinking 1) if Heaven and Hell was in fact real, I’d at least have the chance of going to Heaven if I died and 2) being 16 then, I didn’t have any clear values of my own, and Christian values provided a familiar, historically-tested foundation. Since then, I’ve learned to recognize the many uncertainties in standard biblical interpretation and researched more historically-contextualized interpretations. I continue to study different ethical frameworks to compare and contrast with the teachings of Jesus, for whenever I need to explain Christianity to myself or anyone else. I’ve also gotten into the habit of developing arguments for and against why someone should gain a religious belief. The ‘problem’ is, I started expecting other Christians to do the same. Otherwise, it’s blind obedience, not “conscious” Christianity. This also presented another problem with my self-perception. If anyone were to ever logically invalidate my justifications for being Christian or religious in general, it would put me in the religious equivalent of a midlife crisis. I still don’t know if this means I have to strengthen my knowledge of the Bible, my general knowledge of religion and ethical frameworks, my debating skills, or my faith. My faith in God is an irreplaceable node in my support system network. In it, I am at the center – the hub. Though once a hub of STDs, now a hub of people I love and people who love me. Each node (circle) represents something or someone that I consider a source of support. Directed edges (arrows) are defined as A being a support to B, each edge having the property of perceived “reliability,” some more reliable than others. Thankfully, reliability is variable and improvable through time. Around 60 percent of the network are people who I care about and care about me, while around 30 percent of it are people who care about me but I don’t care so much about. That 10 percent? That’s reserved for my faith in the Lord and Almighty God. Christ alone, Cornerstone.Weak made strong in the Savior’s love.Amazing grace.How sweet the sound. Christian song references aside… There have been times where self-research, the wisest of wisdom from my closest friends, and even therapy, would not be able to provide me the comfort and peace I have gained from prayer and sheer faith. In the deepest of my depressive episodes and closest brushes with death, prayer has pulled me out before I was completely sucked in. Logically, I know no one is going to be able to provide the exact type of support I need at the exact time I need it. Though I’ve accepted that, it doesn’t change the fact that I still want and need that in my life. Therefore, I understand why my logical brain has entrusted an illogical entity, the blackbox node that is God, with this illogical task. It is the only node that is 100 percent reliable and provides comfort regardless of my circumstances. If I was in the middle of the forest alone without cell service, or in any similar situation where that is my perceived mental state, God is the only node that I can turn to. No, it is not an atheist mindset. There is no “one Atheist mindset.” I simply ask myself the same questions my handful of atheist friends ask. I think many of the teachings of Christianity and beliefs Christians hold are based on unquestioned tradition and respect for authority. I easily find fault in other Christians because I am skeptical they aren’t aware of Christianity’s dark history and won’t repeat it. I know I will. It’ll just take some time and more wisdom. Perhaps it’ll take an intensive six-month course in Biblical analysis, or befriending a priest. Maybe eventually, I’ll only frown upon the ones who, given the benefit of the doubt, still act shamelessly hypocritical. Maybe one day, I’ll take Christians out of the pedestal I’ve placed them on and somehow internalize that their hypocrisy is not unique to being Christian but to their being human. See them as I see every other non-Christian. Give them as much respect and benefit of the doubt. Yes, there are multiple branches of Christianity and other religions. Though I can distinguish between them, my disdain does not. As for religious non-Christians, I find myself actually interested in their values and lifestyles, even respecting them. As much as I need my faith, I also need to feel like I am capable of rationalizing my every action. But faith is inherently irrational. So while I’ve rationalized this much, that an irrational entity can fulfill an irrational need, I haven’t justified why I have this irrational need in the first place. Maybe it’s not irrational. Maybe the temporary comfort I get when I instantaneously pray to God in times of trouble is actually contributing to a longer-term sense of peace I’m simply unaware of in the moment. That the stress I don’t accumulate when I pray in times of trouble has helped me not be much worse off than I am now. If Kelly Clarkson were to take a Complex Systems course, she would say“Cognitive dissonance doesn’t kill you. It only makes you stronger.” Maybe constantly having to reflect on and justify my religious beliefs contributed to my current level of critical thinking. Critical thinking without which I wouldn’t have gotten into Minerva or I wouldn’t be living such a healthy and balanced life today. To make the difficult decisions I needed to become the confident, loving person I am today. Or if none of that is true, at least I know I’m working hard not to be the kind of person I don’t want to become. That strength, that willpower, that effort. It’ll serve me well in my growth as an adult. Because I’m explaining how the people under these labels have affected my life and how the labels  ‘raised Christian’, ‘acting Christian’, and ‘thinking Atheist’ have affected my life. As ideal as it may sound to head towards a world where we have no labels in terms of religious identity and practice, there’s logistic and legal necessity to categorizing similar doctrines and beliefs, a conversation best reserved for another article. Up to you really. This was somewhat of a formalized diary entry. If I had to give one, it’s to ask you to list the values you personally believe in, list what values belong to the religion you most identify with, and then stress about whether you hold these values because of your religious affiliations or not. Do it not to satisfy my inexplicable desire to have every religious person question their beliefs, but because I think it’ll benefit you. I believe you’ll gain more value from your beliefs after they’re tested and you’ve come out of them more knowledgeable and self-assured.
 “What’s today’s date? Can you remember these numbers?  Are you having the thoughts again? I think you should leave school.” December 5th, 2019. On a backpacking trip to Hawaii with three other Minervans, we each took only a toothbrush, one pair of clothes, a bathing suit, a sketchbook, a sleeping bag, and a tent. Within the first three hours since we landed on the Island, I got hit by a car while walking on a crosswalk. It was serious. A few days later we went back to San Francisco.  I kept emailing the Minerva staff related to my condition, and I got no reply. Ruby sent an angry email to Ben Nelson. He replied within three minutes. “We think you should take a leave for this semester.” I  heard that sentence three times in one day from three different people. My doctor, Reed, and Dean Chandler. McKenna said the same thing the day after. Dean Lyda came to meet me in the Residence hall because I could not walk. That’s so nice of him.  Michelle Rigler called me today for disability accommodations. Talking to her feels like a soft summer breeze. She said that it must be hard to be in this condition in a community where everyone is rushing to reach new goals every day while I’m struggling just to breathe. I said some people are stopping their run so they can give me a pat on the back. What is going to happen to my work-study? I misread the word telescope as microscope and misunderstood the entire class poll. I waited for the eye rest break so I could cry away from the camera. I was put on the big screen right after.  January 2020. I missed two weeks of class due to my condition. Now I have 22 pieces of makeup work and five assignments from last semester, which have to be submitted in less than a month. I also have this month’s classes, readings, and assignments. I am allowed to use the computer only three hours a day, or so the doctor told me—what a joke.   Today, my pre-class work and my first class add up to three hours. In the middle of the second class, I feel nauseous. I leave the breakout group so I can throw up in the bathroom.  I woke up at night having trouble breathing, chest pain, and my heart felt as if it was a racehorse. I googled the symptoms, and it said I was having a heart attack. The CAPS team told me the next day that I was experiencing very severe anxiety. Nice to meet you. At the beginning of the semester, I sent an email to all the professors telling them how the concussion makes me say things I don’t mean and has left me with a troubled, short memory. I added some sad and intimate stories to make it sound legit. I accidentally sent an email to the wrong professor. I wanted to dig my own grave.  My broken finger is healing now. I had to give up archery, though. I did only one hour of work this week. The time to pay for my bills is near. My AP manager (work-study) is giving me work that doesn’t require a lot of screen time, mostly listening. He also checks up on me from time to time.  I wear a hat everywhere I go. The scars on my face and my swollen eye make people think I’m getting abused. I can’t handle the pity of every stranger in San Francisco’s streets.  February. I just realized that the assignment I just finished for CS, which was due in two hours, is all trash because I used the wrong data. I gave up.  I forgot my roommate’s name for a couple of minutes. I screamed into my pillow. This week, anxiety visited me very often. Professor Ahuja had this alarm that went off when the eye rest break was over in class. It startled me so bad once I couldn’t breathe for nearly a minute. So every time my breath became faster, I started thinking that my heart is a clustered forest, With trees so ticklish they need easy  winds So if my heavy breath is the strong wind I don’t want to hurt the trees So I breathe slowly. And it passes.  Update: I did not give up. Ruby gathered a group of people to come to the rescue. Finn bought cookies, Pedro two packs of M&M’s, Malia her smile of a hundred roses, and Shreya her sarcastic jokes. Marina boiled water for tea.  I slept after class because I was not feeling well. Meliane bought a ton of fruit at the farmer’s market, made a fruit salad, and left it on my desk while I was sleeping. She also added a cup of sugar to the side because the grapefruit might be too sour. She said she remembered me telling her that I love fruit.  I didn’t get the Pixar internship because I applied too late. Going to the doctor, a hand therapist, and seeing a counselor twice a week takes more time than I thought.  My severe headaches won after all. Finn came to the room with a llama keychain from Peru, four different fancy tea bags from Japan, a cookie, and himself. The concussion made me forget that I existed today, until someone moved to make way for me on the street. I am in Yerba Buena now. I told Ivana I needed her. She came running, and I started sobbing in the middle of the park at 8 pm.  Back in December, my secret Santa gave me an Olaf toy. I remember, in the questionnaire, I wrote that all I wanted was something that would make me feel safe. I still don’t know who my secret Santa was, but thank you.  The professors treat me equal to other students in class, even after the email I sent. They expect the impossible from me while being very indifferent about it. My CS professor asked me a very long question today, and apparently I had to do math to find a number, but my answer was “yes” because my concussion thought of something else. The class was laughing. I have become a clown.  I am turning down invites from friends. Mostly because I keep forgetting. I lost a total of five things this week. It’s from all of those walks I take around the res hall because my doctor told me it’d help my blood flow to my brain.   I tried to take the BART by myself today. My phone is dead. I couldn’t remember the Residence Hall address.  March. Maybe it’s just the concussion, but my head craves touch. It makes me want to rub it in the blankets or someone’s chest. Having a concussion while at Minerva is disturbingly hard. I cried, I vomited, I gave up, I pushed my limits, I was ashamed, and I felt like a clown. Having online classes doesn’t help at all when the way for a concussion to heal is to take a break from electronics, bright lights, and stressful situations.  Reed, Dean Chandler, and Dean Lyda have been there for anything I needed and supported me all the way. Michele Rigler, the Disability Resource Specialist, is incredibly understanding. The professors will treat you as if you were healthier than a fresh apple on a young tree somewhere in a French village. They say that it’s not fair to other students to give you slack just because you’re sick. That’s what they call equal. Although, after alI, I chose to be here. And I don’t regret it. I want these people in my life.  For me, it was Minerva or nothing. I have finally found my people who were worth me going through all of that. If you’re not this kind of confident and stubborn, and if Minervans are not your people, then I don’t recommend your concussion (or any major illness) going into a relationship with Minerva. Remember, It’s YOU before everything else. Please take care of yourself. To all the friends I couldn’t mention because it would take days to read – you’re not forgotten. I am here because of you.
 After reading Ujeza Adami’s article about struggling with a concussion at Minerva, an anonymous student came forward to share how the lack of substantive in-class disability accommodation impacted their struggle. sit down for class            listeningit will be ok            sips water20 minutes pass            ba-dum, ba-dumare they going to call on me            inhale, exhale            ba-dum, ba-dum, ba-dummaybe i’ll speak here            stomach swirls            ba-dum, ba-dum, ba-dumi’ll ask a question            inhale, exhale            sweat            ba-dum, ba-dumor maybe not            inhale, exhale            ba-dum, ba-dumnow I have to speak            body tenses            mind panicswhat am I gonna say            sweat            inhale            ba-dum, ba-dum, ba-dum            exhale            tearsis class over yet            relief? professors still don’t understand my anxiety            anger. i wonder what the students think            unprepared            unintelligent            inarticulate? shut the laptop            tap the light switchfall into bed            inhale, exhale            ba-dum, ba-dumand disconnect            body consoles            mind vibrates            sadness holds            ba-dum. exhaustion            because i studied            i did the pre-class work            i ate            i slept            i exercised            i showered            i socialized            i went to CAPS. resentment            because my professors say            do the study guide more thoroughly            it’s a tough class            try doing the readings differently            spaced practice is good            don’t feel pressured to speak immediately            visit office hours            the teacher’s assistant is there to help            ask friends for note-taking tips            your grades are not bad            i cold call everyone and i have to cold call you. frustration            because my peers say            take medicine            you’re overanalyzing            just meditate            it’s not a big deal            try yoga            it’s in your head            you need a drink            you’re sensitive            i get like that too            it happened so long ago            calm down. sigh            in sorrow            do you listen            do you care            do you think of me            do i have good friends            does anyone else feel this way            are professors really supporting me            do you recognize how unhealthy forum can be for students/classmates like me            is anyone going to take action            how will this end? fear            i’ll think about what happened in class today            tomorrow            the day after            friday            sunday            tuesday            the following monday            the first week of april            june 4th            the second week of august            next year            and over and over again. when will my professors stop            overlooking the realities of student mental health            cold calling students who go out of their way to be vulnerable about their abilities            demanding students know all the answers            favoring the students who have it all together. when will my peers stop            interchanging stress and anxiety as if they were equivalent            bragging it took only an hour to do the readings and a day for the assignment            being ignorant about their own abilities            telling me how i should handle my anxiety. forum is an anxiety-inducing platform            talking time is tracked            polls are timed            anything said or written can be graded            everyone’s face is visible to everyone at almost all times            it’s normalized and expected to know all the answers within seconds of being asked            everything is recorded. forum is an anxiety-inducing platform            yet professors won’t change their teaching patterns for me            they won’t stop the cold calling that brings some of the worst anxiety i have experienced            students and the community don’t talk about it            peers don’t know how to support me            administration only ever has good things to say about forum. but why            why don’t in-class accommodations exist            why do professors have to cold call and treat me the same            why can’t professors change their ways            why does active learning have to look the same for everyone? i’m tired of trying to attain the current impossible set standard.we all have different abilities.i don’t want to choose between coping with my anxiety and taking class on forum anymore.
 To all angry people, “After planning the destruction of the world by the coronavirus, China would have never imagined that it would face the wrath of nature.” This was the headline narrated by the reporter on an Indian news channel after China experienced floods last week. There was no sympathy for the people who suffered in his tone. On the contrary, it seemed like the people suffering from the floods deserved it. If this was all, it would probably have been fine. But, my 10-year-old sister started exclaiming with joy. The reason, you ask? She was happy because China was getting destroyed. Yes, that’s exactly what she said. I asked her why China should be destroyed. She said China was a bad country. I asked the next logical question: Why is China bad? And she had no answer. I was so shocked that a 10-year-old child who barely knew anything about the world had so much hatred towards another country. I went around asking my friends, family, and even random delivery people if China was a bad country. I asked about 40 people and 34 said yes. I asked if China deserved to be destroyed; 26 said yes. I asked for the reason and all 26 said because they spread the coronavirus. Some even mentioned the border skirmishes between India and China. Baffled by this, I asked them, what about the people of China? What should happen to them? Most of them were stunned and had no response. A few said that they should die. It was not her hatred, it was that of the people around her. I finally understood the reason for the hatred my sister had. It was not her hatred, it was that of the people around her. And just like the other people, she saw the destruction of China as the loss of buildings and money. But what she didn’t see was the people of China suffering. This hatred is mind-boggling to me because it doesn’t have any reason. Even if (and mind you, this is really big and implausible if), the Chinese government intentionally spread the coronavirus, what do normal citizens have to do with it? They suffered just as much as everyone else. Why hate them? Why hate the whole country just because of a few people?  I thought to myself, surely the opinion of just 40 people around me does not represent the whole world? Surely people would not hate other people whom they’ve never even met without any rhyme or reason? Sadly, I was wrong. I looked around myself, at the state of the world and saw that this was not limited to just India and China. This has spread to all communities. Isn’t the hatred between Muslims and Hindus in India also baseless? Isn’t the same happening in the US between white and Black people? This is when I realized, we have words for this baseless, unreasonable hatred —  “racism, sectarianism, and xenophobia.”  As a part of the Minerva community which has so much diversity, it pains me to see such hatred in the world. People who know me know that I’m very indifferent about racism among a lot of other things. In any other situation, I still may have been indifferent. But in this situation, I cannot be indifferent. We’re battling one of the worst crises humanity has faced in recent years — the COVID-19 pandemic. Seeing so much hatred when we all should be united and helping each other angers me. I ask you to question yourself about this hatred and anger. Any feelings towards a group need to be questioned, be it hate, anger, disgust, or even love. It is rare that the whole community deserves any single feeling. Why do you hate the Blacks, the Muslims, the Chinese? Because of their skin color? Because of something that their government did? Because they steal your jobs? Are any of these even logical or human?  Do not blindly accept other people’s hatred and anger. Do not blindly accept other people’s hatred and anger. Do not direct your hatred towards the whole community just because of a few bad people. Question if the people you’re directing your hatred towards really deserve it. Separate the labels of a community or a group from individual people. Do not mix them. Don’t just believe what people say, not even me. Question! Question yourself and your feelings before you decide to act on them. Peace,  Jatin
 “I’m going to be studying in Seoul, Korea next semester.” “Wait, North Korea? Please tell me you’re not moving to North Korea!” “No, no, Seoul is in South Korea.” “Oh good, for a second I thought you were moving to North Korea!” In the months before my move abroad, I had multiple versions of this conversation with an array of people. If this had happened once or twice, I wouldn’t have thought about it much. Maybe some people just aren’t aware of current geopolitical conflicts.  But I had this conversation routinely for months. Again and again, people expressed relief that I was moving to South Korea, not North Korea. I began to wonder, are people just uninformed about Korea? Why do so few people know what’s happening in Korea?   Conversations displaying the ignorance around Korea, and immediate concerns of North Korea, seem indicative of a deeper problem than simple lack of awareness of current geography. They demonstrate an oversimplified and immediately disapproving view of Korea so many in the U.S. share.  These conversations reveal a  “North Korean Stereotype” — a widespread misperception of North Korea that reduces the country to only the politics of nuclear warheads and dictators while ignoring the culture, daily life, and humanity of over 25 million North Koreans. Let’s unpack this stereotype. In the U.S., “Korea” seems to have gained popularity with the Hallyu wave of K-dramas and K-pop. These components, however, are only pop-culture exports of South Korea. These depictions of “Korea” do not adequately represent North Korea — regardless, is familiarity with such components even adequate to understanding South Korean culture? Even with the Hallyu flood of South Korean culture into the Western world, many people’s ideas of South Korea remain static, incomplete, and unrepresentative. So, how unrepresentative would perceptions be about a country which aggressively restricts all cultural exports and information exchange? A country most people do not actively seek to understand (except maybe from a mixture of fear and fascination)? A country like, say, North Korea? Understanding culture is a complex, nuanced, and elaborate process. It involves keeping up with popular topics, following relevant politics, making efforts to understand the language, researching ancient and modern history, learning about social customs, tasting normal life for different demographics — the list goes on.  While perfect knowledge of any culture is not possible, we can always develop a more accurate, robust, and comprehensive understanding. Doing so benefits us as individuals and our collective societies because expanding knowledge better informs opinion, action, and empathy.  As passive mass-media consumers, we naturally cultivate an unrepresentative idea of North Korea due to the incomplete media narratives surrounding the country. U.S. media reports on North Korea have a strong history of sensationalism. Analysts from the Guardian, the Huffington Post, and The Washington Post (to name a few) have all commented on this widespread trend. The narrative of North Korea in popular media has two components: nuclear weapons and dictatorship. There is nothing about the people, culture, or daily life in North Korea.  Granted, stories of North Korean defectors or attempted defectors do reach the media, often the ones of dramatic escape or rescue. However, the infrequency of these stories leaves them as proportionally small in comparison with nuclear weapons and dictatorship.  Arguably though, these media narratives reflect an even more devastating reality: very few people think of North Korea as a country with a culture or a people — and even fewer realize this mistake. This dehumanizing mentality is pervasive. I know it first hand because I once thought about North Korea the same way. North Korea wasn’t a country to me, not really even a place, just an abstract, unfathomable, and hostile concept. And, while I didn’t intentionally choose to believe this narrative, my failure to reject it led to the same result. In the media, North Korea = nukes + dictator. By diffusion, to me, North Korea = nukes + dictator: this simple equation, this North Korean Stereotype, and nothing more. Even articles I saw on social media discussing some “new angle,” are only on these topics. Very quickly, the rhetoric becomes repetitive. You understand these, you understand everything mainstream U.S. media has to say about North Korea.  So people immediately shake their heads in disapproval at any mention of “North Korea.” They bristle at the word “dictator” when it prompts images of oppression. And they express disdain like a knee-jerk reaction whenever “nuclear weapons” come up in conversation (ironic, since the U.S. also has nuclear weapons and remains the only country to have ever used them). Yet this reaction seems to be the only socially acceptable response according to our North Korean Stereotype. Really, this has become the socially acceptable response to most countries that do not embrace U.S. (and generally Western) democratic ideals, like Iran or Russia. These countries make us uncomfortable. Besides, brushing away discomfort is easier than seeking to understand the cause of the discomfort. Maybe this “North Korean Stereotype” is less North Korean and more Western… I digress.  Arguably, many people outside the U.S. think or act similarly as international media propagates the same or a similar sensationalized North Korean Stereotype. Consider what major international media says about the politics of North Korea — and how the topics inevitably emphasize nuclear weapons and authoritarian dictators. International politics surrounds how to “fix the North Korea issue” in relation to another country without discussing how to help an impoverished country or liberate an oppressed people — or even question if these people consider themselves oppressed or if they even want liberation. Rather, those goals come secondary (if at all) to fixing the problem of unregulated nuclear weapons or reestablishing trade relations. The international community has dehumanized North Korea. Correcting the incompleteness and unrepresentativeness of the North Korean Stereotype will take intentional effort to first understand North Korea through the information and culture which has already been exported, then to gather more information. This must happen through repeated, individual interactions that recognize, rather than reduce, the complexity of North Korea and the humanity of North Koreans. In the US, this stereotype mentality has silently infiltrated the culture, as the most robust opinions seem to do. Looking back, I’m ashamed of my own ignorance regarding North Korea. Since when should a country be simplified to nothing more than weapons, a leader, and a Twitter feud? Recognizing this blindspot is nearly impossible from the inside — that’s why it’s called a blind spot. Only by accidentally distancing myself from mainstream U.S. media while living in Seoul did I recognize my ignorant and incomplete ideas about North Korea. So I began to ask questions:  What are the North Korean people like? And can they really be that different from anyone else? What is North Korean culture? What kinds of food do they eat? Clothes do they wear? Activities do they do? What does normal life look like in North Korea? Where do they shop, study, and spend time? What do teens do when they’re bored? What games do children play? Where do their grandparents sit to chat? Thankfully, I can’t think of a better place to try and understand North Korea than South Korea – since, of course, the country itself is off-limits. Throughout South Korea, many organizations and publications have formed to combat this North Korean Stereotype; to answer these questions. From my research, I found a few organizations eager to help people like you and me understand the humanity, complexity, and reality of North Korea: Breaking the perpetuating cycle of the North Korea Stereotype starts with individuals informing themselves and the people around them — people willing to question their stereotypes about North Korea and to embrace the messy, complex, beautiful, and inspiring humanity behind the Stereotype. So let’s do just that. Where to start? Click one of the links above, spend two, three, or even five minutes reading a little bit more about North Korea. Read about it as a place. A people. Of course, diving headlong into these websites may seem intimidating and/or time-consuming. Maybe a more appropriate starting point is for us to answer this question:  I’m glad you asked. Like every other country and culture, unpacking the nuances of North Korea can (and does) fill countless articles, documentaries, and books. To begin, let me share the top facts about North Korea that sparked this whole exploration and started to break my North Korean Stereotype: But what about the political concentration camps? The blatant human rights violations? The malnutrition? The oppression? The restriction of expression in speech, clothing, and thought? Why didn’t you mention any of those topics? Our discussion here is chiefly concerned with humanizing the North Korean people. Yes, all of those negative issues exist and we must recognize them. Few words capture the depth of suffering that the North Korean people have endured — and even fewer words capture the resilience of the people in the face of this suffering. Understanding the people of North Korea is fundamental to understanding their suffering and their resilience and their hopeful future. If anything, seeing the humanity of the people of North Korea heightens the importance of the issues they face under the current regime. To explain North Korean life, culture, and society more extensively, I must defer to the experts: North Koreans and reliable organizations, who often work in partnership. To learn more from these experts, choose a medium and begin exploring these curated links. Imagine this as a digital choose-your-own-adventure quest. The exploration will be well worth your time.  As you ponder this topic and explore further, I ask one small thing: talk to the people around you about this topic. Find something interesting? Share the link with them. Have a moment of revelation? Tell someone over a video call or in a text message.  Open this topic for discussion — and keep it open.
 This article is a response to a Facebook post titled, “The Privilege Talk: ASM Addition” posted by Victoria Gomes (M’2020) in a private group of Minerva students on January 23. As a leaving member of the ASM and M’2021 student who relates wholeheartedly to the sentiments expressed in the post (and subsequent comments both online and offline), here’s what I have to say: Minerva is an institution of privilege. It attracts privilege, it nurtures privilege, and in many ways, it seeks to maintain privilege. We may jet-set across the world and find ourselves in slick workspaces and bougie cafes, but it’s a sobering reminder that at the end of the day, most Minerva students are penniless college kids trying to make ends meet between today’s Americano and tomorrow’s lunch. When privilege is pervasive, how do you “fit in”?﻿ I will begin by quoting directly from Gomes’ post: “If you come from Brazil, for example, knowing enough English to fill out the Minerva application already puts you in a privileged 2.67% (2018) of the total population. (For the sake of simplicity, I won’t get started on why we don’t have African Brazilians  – or Americans – at Minerva, but I assure you that it all goes back to privilege.)” Where I come from, the “P” word is a minefield. I grew up in a tiny town in South Africa – a dusty, chaotic dot on the map whose claim to fame is that its borders now burgeon on the surrounding villages that include Nelson Mandela’s birthplace. I come from a biracial family. I survived, and excelled, in South Africa’s public education system. My years in primary school were surrounded by people of colour. Since then, my world has steadily paled and pulled me further and further away from home. When I attended Ascent, (Minerva’s weekend orientation program which includes flying in about 40 international students to San Francisco for three days), the first thing I noticed was the absence of certain groups. Twenty percent of our class was from the US, but why were almost all of them white? Why were the other South Africans such a seemingly homogenous handful, too – all alumni of the prestigious private schools that face the same privilege-debate back home? Half the Pakistanis were old schoolmates from the best institutions and came from military family backgrounds. The UWC (United World Colleges) crowd almost filled half the room.  What does it mean when certain groups cannot engage as expected because every decision must be a financial one?  Different. That’s the first thing you feel when you come to Minerva and do not belong to one of the predefined groups that move through this space like it’s already theirs. I, and many others, made it here through immense sacrifice and strife – Minerva represents to us the only gateway into our unknown futures. But it became quickly apparent that for others, this experience was an option they could discard at any time. There were those who complained from day one. Every conversation revolved around how Minerva was “too intentional.” Foundation Week was “too packed,” staff were “too patronizing,” classes were “too structured.” They were on the brink of dropping out every other day, sticking around for the experience and toying with the idea of packing their bags and heading home at the end of the semester if things got too hard for their liking. Some really did head home after just a few days, concluding that Minerva was a “cult”.  Well, the rest of us stuck it out, and here we are – all 600 of us. We find ourselves part of a complex, decentralized, growing institution that will never satisfy our aspirations because the moment they are realized, we will most likely be on our way out or long gone. We’ve heard the talk of diverse communities, cultural dexterity, critical engagement, actualizing initiative and all the other mouthfuls put together that label what is really a messy, confusing, exciting, and at times painful process. What we seldom talk about are the unspoken things that I think so many of us are now ready to share. One of them is socio-economic disparity in our community. I won’t go into the woes of financial aid or the crushing burden of student loans. (Minerva’s “fraction-of-the-cost” marketing tactic is rather illusory when you consider that many non-US citizens, even on financial aid, still pay annually what is the equivalent of two or three years of education back home.) What has become apparent is that while we’ve tried to address the most obvious points of this disparity (the ASM – student government – was involved in issues of financial aid, work study, taxes, and student loans throughout 2018), what we’ve completely failed to address is how socio-economic disparity shapes our community in more subtle ways. What does it mean when certain groups cannot engage as expected because every decision must be a financial one? What does it tell us about how much we understand and trust one another? How do financial difficulties back home impact the student experience at Minerva? These are questions that very few of us think about, let alone openly ask. It’s so much easier to hold up Minerva as the “level playing field.” It is, most of the time. Where Minerva falls short, however, is lived reality. It’s evident when we complain about the students who never leave the residence hall, without realizing that this may be a financially-motivated choice. It’s the students whose academic group partners suffer because they’re struggling to prioritize multiple commitments, including part-time jobs. It’s the students who are choosing not to run for student government because they simply don’t have the time or energy for non-compensated work. One need only look at gross inequality on a macro scale to realize that it is not an issue that affects individuals on the lower end only – we all inevitably suffer.   The fact that we still ask “Want to grab dinner tonight?” says something about the assumptions we make towards the people around us and how easily we reference our own current financial, mental and emotional condition as a reference for all.  The “Minerva lifestyle” is one of built-in privilege. With global travel, it’s unavoidable. But we’re not all buying $7 coffees in Gangnam, are we? So why, when we have these conversations, is this unattainable ideal held up as the standard from which most of us fall short? The fact that we still ask “Want to grab dinner tonight?” says something about the assumptions we make towards the people around us and how easily we reference our own current financial, mental and emotional condition as a reference for all. I, too,  have often turned down a dinner not because I didn’t want to go, but because I knew that money ought to be spent elsewhere.  So how do we avoid a privileged mentality when all of us are almost conditioned into it? As Gomes wrote, “We don’t get enough cross-economic-status exposure. We live in 7 countries, but we constantly experience the same lifestyle, which is often not representative of real life in these places. The problem then becomes that we get so used to not seeing an underprivileged reality, we silence the voices that are like that in our own community.” For African students, there is the constant sore point around the lack of an African city in the global rotation. If we can live in Hyderabad, India, what is stopping us from living in Cape Town, South Africa, or Lagos, Nigeria?  Arguments on safety and wifi are beginning to sound dry in the face of realities that say otherwise. The sad fact is that even if we did live in these cities, it is likely that we would be accommodated in relative luxury. Gomes laments that part of the problem might be that our community does not exist “at all.” I disagree. The issue here is that we have formed a community as best we can, but the nature of our collective circumstances in contrast to our individual circumstances have resulted in a “jugaad” community of sorts. Our network is a patched conglomeration of contrasting worldviews and barely relatable childhood backgrounds, stitched and taped in odd areas where we find common ground (“What classes do you have?” or “Are you doing a civic project this semester?). We sometimes secretly feel appalled at the flimsy state of the ties that bind us, and can’t figure out how to fill the gaping holes in the areas where community, in the real sense, is needed most: finances, trust, safety, belonging.   I think we all got swept up in the wave of the privileged Minerva lifestyle until we realized that it is simply neither sustainable nor desirable.  And so it is no wonder that the community we think we “see” – the community that ends up “representing” Minerva – often is the white community from more developed countries, who have the free time to zip across the city and mingle with innovative people, because they don’t have to juggle multiple priorities to make ends meet. Let’s be honest here – we all know it – Minerva’s “community building model” is broken. (As a freshman, I also just found it really, really weird.) My criticism is less on Minerva as an institution, and more on us students. We are the community. How did it take us this long to have a public dialogue on the fact that some of us are – relatively speaking – poor? I am especially criticizing students who, like myself, struggle with these concerns and never address them directly to the audiences that need to hear them the most – friends and staff. The recent debacle over graduation fees is perhaps indicative that the institution has very little understanding of the day-to-day financial context in which most people find themselves. In the beginning, I think we all got swept up in the wave of the privileged Minerva lifestyle until we realized that it simply is neither sustainable nor desirable. We go home and suddenly feel uncomfortable about our spending habits throughout the semester; we begin to worry who will pay for the flight to the next location, and we are seriously concerned with how we will handle monthly expenses as our student loans go up annually.  But beyond finding solace in a collective struggle (a comfortable, yet non-constructive position to wallow in), we must ask, “Well, what now?” Reiterating what I saw in online comments, this has to be a participatory dialogue. Yes, it does feel good to get this out in the open. But it must lead to some kind of action. We already know that work-study hours are being adjusted for next year (a positive response from administration in light of our concerns). This is a good step toward structural change, but it will do little to address the issue of community.  What happens when privilege meets the realities of those who cannot break into its mold, no matter how well-intentioned? It must change.  Our next hurdle, and collective challenge, is navigating the socio-economic landscape immediately around us. If we don’t like the consumer-driven approach that seems to underlie much of student experience, let’s change that. Let’s start showing more financial empathy. Instead of “Want to grab dinner?”, how about, “Want to cook together?” or at least have the option of alternatives. If we want more representative Residence Assistants, let those “more representative people” step up to the plate and do the representing! If we want a more inclusive student government, take part; form a working group and show initiative.  Yes, privilege is built into Minerva’s model. But what happens when privilege meets the realities of those who cannot fit into its mold, no matter how well-intentioned? It must change. Remember, “Minerva” is not the institution that manifests in the ads we see online. Minerva is these issues that anger us, bring us together, and force us to build together. So much of what is being said right now has to do with lack of empathy and voices not being heard. Well, we have been heard. So where do we go from here?
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Ibukunoluwa Aribilola is an M’22 from Nigeria. Overall, she has had positive experiences with Minerva financial aid. For Aribilola, financial aid packages determined which universities she applied to and even more in her final decision to attend Minerva. Minerva offered her the best financial aid package and the only she could feasibly afford. The other schools that she was considering, primarily U.S. universities, either offered very little aid or no aid at all. In the three years that Aribilola has applied for financial aid, her package has been increased each year. However, she has not understood if the increase is a result of the increased cost of attendance or something specific to her package. Every year, Aribilola has struggled to understand the specifics of her family contribution and to even find her financial aid offer. When applying for aid, Aribilola always tried to be as transparent as possible. Whether in reporting expected family expenses or ongoing expenses, she has been upfront about what financial contributions her family can make — and Minerva has met her needs. Due to the different tax schedules of Nigeria and the US, she has occasionally had a difficult time getting the correct documentation, but the financial aid team has worked with her on this. Although the process is long and replies from the financial aid team are not always timely, Aribilola says she has never experienced incredible difficulty with the process. Her financial aid package has not suffered due to the lags in communication. Like many students, Aribilola was surprised by the Fall 2019 Scholarship Tax bill. For her, this raised concerns as to whether or not Minerva considered this tax when planning financial aid packages. She considered this surprise bill as another case of poor communication around the specifics of family contribution payments. Aribilola has found this lack of clear communication difficult and has had to use student-created resources to fully understand her family’s contribution. As for the Day of Action in April, Aribilola signed the petition but did not cover her screen or face. To her, the protest came very suddenly. Wanting to ensure that her aid would not be affected or changed, Aribilola carefully approached the protest and the entire topic. For Aribilola, the reality of paying for Minerva mostly matched her expectations. With work-study and budgeting, she has been able to pay for all of her own expenses since arriving at Minerva. However, she does not consider her work-study salary to be enough for travel between two cities, a visit home, and living one’s best life. To offset additional costs like flights, Aribilola found a paid summer position and encourages others to do the same. By remaining diligent about saving work-study income and staying conscious about her tuition payments, she has found a way to make her finances work. For Aribilola, financial management is a part of growing up.  For students applying for aid, Aribilola recommends being transparent and submitting as much documentation as possible. She encourages students to work during the summer to save up and ease the future financial burden. Overall, Minerva financial aid has been helpful for Aribilola and her family. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Sean Petersen is an M’23 student from South Africa. He received financial aid for his first year but said that even with Minerva’s support his family “could barely afford it.” His financial aid package was not the main reason he decided to come to Minerva, but he said it certainly contributed to his decision. Minerva was the only school he was seriously considering, so if he hadn’t gotten in or his financial aid was not generous enough he would have taken a gap year to work and save up for it. He would also consider taking a leave of absence if his financial aid goes down. Petersen is concerned about paying for Minerva next year because his dad just retired and South Africa’s currency is devaluing, both of which will make it challenging to afford his calculated family contribution. Petersen got a full merit scholarship to one university and a partial merit scholarship to another. However, Minerva does not award any merit scholarships so there was no chance for that to offset the cost of tuition. He thought he would get more financial aid from Minerva. He appealed and the revised amount he received was enough but still not comfortable. He also appealed the financial aid package he received for the upcoming 2020-2021 academic year. But the reality of paying for the first year at Minerva lined up with his expectation from his revised package. Although he has a vague understanding of the financial aid process, Petersen said he would like to know more about how Minerva calculates the expected family contribution. But he said he understands Ben Nelson’s rationale that if people know the formula they can game the system. Petersen thought the application process was straightforward but some of the questions were vague. He also said: “It’s concerning that Minerva thought we could pay more than we thought we could pay. My parents needed their own money to survive and to save up and to pay off their own loans and whatever else and it felt like Minerva was saying ‘Cool, all the spare money you have you must contribute to your family contribution.’” The process also took longer than he expected, but he thinks the timeline makes sense “seeing now that Melissa’s the only [full-time staff member] doing it.”  Petersen and other M’23s believe Minerva evaluates financial aid applications from oldest to youngest classes, which is why M’23 received their financial aid packages last this year. There has not been any communication from Minerva on this issue.  “It got to the point where I enjoyed walking because it was fun and because it was free. But it started because it was free.” Finances played a big role in Petersen’s day-to-day life in San Francisco. He walked everywhere: “It got to the point where I enjoyed walking because it was fun and because it was free. But it started because it was free. I would often be late for things because I would rather walk and be late than spend money and be there on time.” He didn’t go to cafes and saved aggressively so that he didn’t have to ask his parents for any money. From saving his work-study money he could afford to travel and get tickets to three concerts (two of which were canceled because of the pandemic). Petersen’s tips for incoming classes are to apply early for financial aid to have time to appeal if necessary, have strong budgeting goals, and go to the San Francisco Public Library financial planning day. He participated in the financial aid Day of Action and town hall and felt they were appropriate but focused on upperclassmen. As an M’23, he supported the Day of Action demands but felt he was missing some of the context to fully understand and participate in these events. He also felt that more M’23s would have participated in the Day of Action if it was organized and communicated to students with more advanced warning. He felt that it was rushed and would have been more effective if the organizers had waited a few more days. He also wished that the town hall was more of a two-sided conversation: “We could have been problem solving together instead of accusing them for their mistakes.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall.  This M’20 student from a middle-class European family asked to remain anonymous. If she had attended college in her home country, she would have paid nothing thanks to the consistent availability of full scholarships from local universities. This student was determined to go to school abroad, however, and decided to enroll at Minerva after her family received “a really good financial aid package we could actually afford” in the first year. A major factor in this student’s decision was that she would not have to take out any loans to attend Minerva, a condition that was very important to her family. “They didn’t want me to have that American experience of having to live thinking about loans,” the student said. “That wouldn’t happen at home. They were worried I’d have to change my life decisions based on loans.” After her first year, however, this student and her family noticed expenses were rising each year and struggled to find money to pay for Minerva. Recently, they had to withdraw money from their savings accounts they originally intended to leave untouched. Although they avoided taking out official loans, the student says they “kind of took loans from our own accounts that we’ll pay back.” While she had expected to be challenged academically at Minerva, the additional distress due to financial difficulties was shocking. The student felt that Minerva was taking advantage of the “sunk cost” fallacy, which students learn about in their first year, to raise costs without losing students. After discussions with her family, this student concluded “[since I’m] halfway through and [I’ve] done all these things and paid this money, [I’m] not going to give up. So [I’ll] keep paying and they’re taking advantage of that.” She said that over her four years at Minerva her family contribution has “basically doubled,” though their financial situation is the same. “[The Manifest refund policy] feels very wrong, and it’s something that wouldn’t happen in Europe. We have a certain expectation that when you pay for a service and you can’t get the service, you get the money back. It feels like we’ve been robbed.”  “[The financial aid process] has been super confusing,” this student told the Quest. “It looks like they always ask the same questions, and the answers are the same, but then the financial aid packages keep changing.” She was especially confused by Manifest costs and refunds after the event went remote due to the COVID-19 pandemic. She was disappointed that, as Ben Nelson explained to students at the financial aid town hall, refunds would be applied to scholarships first — students would only receive money back if their scholarship was less than the refund amount. “It feels very wrong, and it’s something that wouldn’t happen in Europe,” this student said. “We have a certain expectation that when you pay for a service and you can’t get the service, you get the money back. It feels like we’ve been robbed.”  In terms of daily expenses, this student told the Quest that her experiences varied depending on the year and her work-study position. In her first year, she “could get all of the hours [she] wanted,” so she had enough income to travel and live comfortably. In her second year, this student worked fewer hours, which she says was partially due to conflicts with her manager. She remembered, “India was cheaper, so I still traveled a bit, but it was harder.” She struggled much more in her third year and told the Quest that if she hadn’t saved money from her summer job she “wouldn’t have been able to eat, pretty much.” She was paid for fewer work-study hours because she had a flexible schedule and wasn’t aggressive with seeking out work due to personal mental health struggles. She also relied on savings from her summer job to pay for basic necessities in her fourth year. Looking back on the last four years, this student thinks that Minerva was “worth it in terms of the life experiences” but ultimately lost her trust when it came to financial aid. “I kind of believed the marketing stunt that they would make sure you’re able to afford it but then didn’t really follow through,” she told the Quest. “I do feel guilty that I chose to study at this college that doesn’t really have a history of how they handle financial aid.” Asked about her advice to prospective students with similar backgrounds, this student’s short answer was “don’t go.” Instead, she encouraged students who need full financial aid to find a university that would guarantee them a full scholarship, such as the ones in her European home country.  “I really like Minerva, but at the same time it was really hard,” she said. “The financial aspect is so sketchy. I feel like they’ve stolen money from students using sunk cost, and Manifest was the last straw. I’ve been pissed at the financial aspect of the Minerva experience the whole time.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Kristin Hudson (M’20) is from a middle-class family in the US. For them, the cost to attend Minerva was a third or half of what they would have paid at most of the 14 other schools they applied to. As a National Merit Scholar, however, they were also offered a full ride at a US public university. Despite the possibility of free college, they decided to enroll at Minerva in hopes of a better overall experience. “I didn’t want to do high school 2.0,” Hudson told the Quest. “That’s what I thought my social experience would be if I went to a state school. That, as well as the opportunity to travel so much, is why I wanted to go to Minerva, and because the academics would take me out of my comfort zone. It would be a better way to grow as a person.” Hudson and their family wanted to limit their student loan debt to the $20,000 USD range. Based on their first-year financial aid package, they estimated that they would end up with approximately $25,000 in debt from both Minerva Climb loans and external loans. Hudson’s father initially thought $25,000 was too much debt to take on, especially since Hudson could graduate from another college debt-free. Hudson argued that the estimated debt was reasonable since it was around $4,000 below the US national average for student debt at the time and eventually persuaded their father that attending Minerva would be worth it.  Now that they have graduated, Hudson’s overall student loan debt ended up being lower than they expected — they owe approximately $12,000, less than half of the $25,000 they originally estimated. Hudson was financially independent for their first two years at Minerva, which allowed their parents to save up extra money to help them afford their last two years, which they had thought they would need loans to complete.  [The first year financial aid application] was the first time Hudson’s parents told them their income, making the experience more “emotionally uncomfortable and draining.” In terms of the financial aid application process itself, Hudson remembered that “the first year was the hardest and most confusing, but that was because before we even enrolled they made us do the College Board form, so we had to give a lot more information.” It was also the first time Hudson’s parents told them their income, making the experience more “emotionally uncomfortable and draining.”  After the first year, however, the application process was straightforward for Hudson. Their family contribution fluctuated slightly, as did their parent’s income, but their term bills largely remained the same. Hudson never appealed their financial aid package, though they were confused when it did not go up after their younger brother entered college. However, they decided not to appeal because their brother was able to pay for tuition himself at that point.  Hudson was also confused and frustrated by Minerva’s policy for Manifest fee refunds after the program went remote in 2020. The refunds are applied to a student’s scholarship first, so a student on financial aid would only receive money back if their scholarship was less than the refund amount. Ben Nelson and Nikolaus Pelka, Minerva’s Chief Financial Officer, explained at the financial aid town hall that this was done to keep a student’s family contribution, the “anchor” of their financial aid package, constant. While Hudson can follow the logic of this argument, they believe Minerva increased the family contribution to account for Manifest and that it should, therefore, be lowered as part of the refund. “It’s because we don’t know how they come up with these numbers that I’m skeptical,” they said. “In the first year, I was also very skeptical of their calculations because the family contribution was at least five times what my parents had in their savings accounts. I feel like they say they’re very generous but they’re actually just being slightly generous.”  In their daily life, Hudson has often struggled to balance taking care of their health and meeting their financial obligations. They had expected to save money from work-study and summer jobs to pay their tuition. They rarely worked the maximum number of work-study hours, however, because of struggles with mental illness. Instead of using their Minerva paychecks for expenses, they had to rely on their summer savings.  During their first year, they tried to save more money by being extremely conservative with their spending. They regularly visited cafes because they couldn’t focus on their coursework in the residence hall, but ate only rice and eggs for most of their meals.  “In the first year, I was very skeptical of their calculations because the family contribution was at least five times what my parents had in their savings accounts. I feel like they say they’re very generous but they’re actually just being slightly generous.” In the years since, Hudson has “tried to be a little looser with my budget, mainly because of how much of an impact stressing about it has on my mental health.” They rely on credit cards to have more flexibility with their spending. They prioritize spending money on good food, sacrificing travel during the semester and skipping expensive cultural experiences to take care of their physical and mental health.  Despite their struggles at Minerva, Hudson is happy they enrolled here. “I didn’t anticipate the amount of growing pain involved in growing as a person,” they said. “But I think it’s worked out really well. I opened my mind in a lot of ways that would not have happened at the University of Idaho [the university where they had a full ride].” Hudson shares their reflections on Minerva and advice to prospective students on their YouTube channel. In terms of finances, they think one of the best things incoming students with a similar background can do is develop a relationship with their family that supports open discussions about money.  “In a lot of cultures talking about money is pretty taboo,” Hudson said. “But the fact of the matter is in most cases you and your parents are in it together in terms of affording college. You have a lot you can learn just by understanding how they budget. It’s worth pushing through the initial awkwardness.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Phoebe Meixner (M’20) is from the US and joined Minerva as a transfer student from the University of Arizona (UofA).  It would have been more affordable for her to stay at UofA because she had almost a full merit scholarship, and she would not have needed to take out any loans.  She decided on a “threshold” (that she did not disclose to the Quest), the minimum amount of financial aid she needed to attend Minerva. Her first financial aid package passed the threshold, so she decided to enroll. Her family contribution and financial aid package varied slightly each semester.  Her scholarship covered between 27 and 43 percent of the term bill, and her family contribution subsequently varied by about $1,000.  “I was so confused all the time,” Meixner told the Quest. “It was impossible to predict when it would be $1,000 more or when it would be $1,000 less.” Meixner managed to figure out how to afford every semester, but she often found herself scrambling to pay for tuition.  She worked every summer, had a part-time job at the time of the interview (during Manifest), and had work-study every semester. Even with her work, Meixner primarily relied on external loans. Minerva offered her loans every semester through their partner, Climb.  She declined these loans nearly every semester and instead took out loans from other sources to get better interest rates.  She couldn’t always get an external loan, in which case she accepted the loans Minerva offered through Climb. “It’s not real financial aid. It’s fake financial aid.” Meixner does not agree that loans should count as part of a financial aid package: “It’s not real financial aid. It’s fake financial aid.”  For students, loans are “delayed family contribution with interest.”  Meixner doesn’t know of “any criteria or catalyst for providing scholarship [versus] loans.” Because of this, she thinks it may be possible in the future for loan amounts to be even more unpredictable if Minerva treats them as equivalent forms of aid. She clarified that she trusts that Minerva is not trying to profit off students and that she did not have any substantial, unexpected, or unexplained increase in loans during her four years as a student. As she learned more about Minerva’s financial aid, Meixner started questioning whether Minerva is actually prioritizing keeping costs as low as possible.  In particular, she thought Manifest was a deviation from this commitment.  Although she enjoyed attending events and activities with her friends and classmates, she doesn’t consider it necessary from an academic perspective. “I question the need to have the Manifest classes, as well as the defense, as well as Consequent,” Meixner told the Quest. “I think the whole month is something Minerva is trying to do to give us a leg up in the world, but it comes at the cost of $4,000 for a month of programming.” Based on her financial aid trends from her four years, she had expected to get financial aid for Manifest and was surprised and frustrated that the scholarship Minerva awarded her covered very little of the program costs. When comparing finances at Minerva and UofA, Meixner appreciates that Minerva has much lower fees, especially for books and other supplies.  At UofA, there were significant fees for the gym, library, homework packets, textbooks, and others. However, Meixner also highlights that traveling and living abroad is expensive.  It took some time to adjust to each city and find the most affordable options for groceries, transit, and other everyday expenses.  Her daily finances changed from city to city: some semesters she just needed awareness of her budget, while during others felt like she was scrambling to make ends meet.  While she could always afford groceries, the financial pressure sometimes made her feel like she couldn’t take full advantage of the Minerva experience. Unexpected costs came up every semester for Meixner, so she tried to save an extra $1,000 in “flex funds.”  She used this to cover things like flights, taxes, visas, passport photos, phone plans, transportation to the residence from the airport, and other unexpected things like fees taken out of the residential security deposit.  She didn’t initially plan for these expenses as they are not in the term bill and expressed concern that if a student doesn’t have this money available, it might be very hard to afford a Minerva semester without creative fixes. Some students rely on saving up work-study paychecks to build these “flex funds” as well as to support themselves during the semester. It was unclear to Meixner how work-study factors into the financial aid package, family contribution, and living expenses, especially given that students are not eligible for work-study if they go off rotation.  The amount earned through work-study also depends on how many hours a student works, which is influenced by a number of factors including how much a student chooses to work, how much work their managers give them, and how much time and energy they have available to spend on work-study. In the fall of her fourth year, Meixner went off-rotation and spent the semester at home in Colorado.  She didn’t know how much financial aid she would get until after signing the enrollment and housing agreement when she committed to doing one semester remotely.  It was unclear which part of her term bill was covered by how much of her scholarship, so she didn’t know how to predict what her term bill would be when she went off-rotation. She ended up paying almost the same family contribution for this semester as when she was on rotation, which was unexpected because she was hoping to save money.  She advised that students with a partial scholarship might not pay less than a typical on-rotation semester, although she pointed out that you save the cost of flying and visas.  Looking back, her family contribution ended up being about the same for both semesters of her fourth year. Reflecting on her overall experience with finances at Minerva, Meixner said she would still choose to attend Minerva because she thought it was a great experience. However, “I wish that I had known that it took more money than I thought it would and that I would have had to end up taking more loans than I approximated.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall.  This M’21 student asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitive nature of financial information. He is from a middle-class family in Europe — he told the Quest that they “aren’t super rich or even super comfortable, but it’s ok.” If a family like this student’s was employed in the best-paid part of the country, he said, they would probably make around $5,000 U.S. dollars a year. With his financial background and career aspirations in mind, this student knew that he wanted to attend a U.S. college where international students can receive full financial aid.  This student was admitted to a regional US college and received an external scholarship that required him to major outside of his intended field but would pay for all his costs, including flights. He also had the option of attending another US school, which has a good program for his intended major and awarded him a full scholarship. He decided to enroll at Minerva, however, because he wanted to experience more of the world and believed he would receive full financial aid. Initially, this student said his family contribution was $1,000, a daunting sum — about 20 percent of his mother’s annual salary. But he thought he could pay it off if he worked and saved enough. This student’s mother was the sole income-earner in their family, and she was also paying to put his brother through college, so he planned to assume most of the responsibility himself.  “We had to pay for health insurance and then tax on top of [daily living expenses]. A lot of things that were not included when Minerva gave me what they called ‘estimated living expenses.’” This student worked and saved as he planned, but soon realized he had underestimated the amount he needed to pay. “We had to pay for health insurance and then tax on top of [daily living expenses],” he told the Quest. “A lot of things that were not included when Minerva gave me what they called ‘estimated living expenses.’” This student has tracked his expenses and financial aid in a spreadsheet, which he read from in his interview with the Quest. In the fall semester of his second year at Minerva, he said he paid the same amount as in his first year. His mom lost her job during the year, however, and he effectively had to pay more in the second semester given taxes and other necessary expenses, making his overall financial situation more difficult.   “Basically my expected contribution increased when the income of my family, which wasn’t able to support me to begin with, decreased,” this student said. “That didn’t make any sense to me. I think it was the turning point when I became super disappointed with [financial aid].” This student filled out a form to appeal his financial aid, writing about the $5,000 USD in credit card debt he had accrued while trying to support himself, which resulted in Minerva applying his security deposit to his term bill. His latest financial aid package gave him an expected family contribution closer to what it was in his first year. “I think it’s still unfair, but it is the least bad,” this student said. He said he never received a full explanation for why his financial aid changed from year to year.  “Basically my expected contribution increased when the income of my family, which wasn’t able to support me to begin with, decreased. That didn’t make any sense to me. I think it was the turning point when I became super disappointed with [financial aid].” Despite his consistent financial struggles, this student said that his daily experience hasn’t been significantly altered, in part because he’s found friends who are fine with low-cost activities. What has affected him, though, is the constant stress of working as much as possible, sometimes trying to find jobs outside of Minerva, and wondering how he will afford the next bill, plane ticket, or visa fee.  Given how closely he’s tracked his expenses and accumulating debt, this student knows that he will need to work in the US after graduation and take the best-paying job he can find. He hopes that, with a high enough salary and frugal lifestyle, he can become debt-free after three years of work. His first priority is paying off his debts, and until that’s done his career aspirations come second: he told the Quest he “will not take the job that would pay off the most in the long term, as a professional investment.”  This student advised prospective students with similar financial backgrounds to talk to as many upperclassmen on full financial aid as possible so that they have a clear idea of what they will need to pay and how difficult it is. He believes Minerva’s marketing to him as a prospective student, both through the website and Ascent programming, didn’t provide him with the information he wishes he’d had when he decided to enroll. This student didn’t say that he definitely would or would not have enrolled in Minerva again, but he would have had more realistic expectations of the financial planning required. “I’d like to stress how important it is for people to have a full picture of the financial effort it takes to be here before they decide to enroll,” this student told the Quest. “There is no point in saying that Minerva has to give financial aid to everyone, but there is a strong point to make in saying that Minerva has to be fully honest on how much financial aid they can give and how much financial effort will be required from a student.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall.  This M’21 student asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitive nature of financial information. Before coming to Minerva, they studied at a good regional college in East Asia, where they paid about $800 U.S. dollars a year in tuition. They didn’t like the high-pressure culture at their first school, however, so they decided to transfer to a U.S. college.  As an international student, this person expected to pay full tuition at whatever university they chose. Consequently, they looked only at schools with an affordable cost of attendance, like state schools, rather than prestigious private universities. They decided to attend Minerva largely because of the low tuition.  “My family just makes choices based on what we can afford,” they told the Quest. “[Throughout my childhood], I would go to the best school that we could afford. When I heard Minerva talks about how some people’s families sold their furniture just to send them to a really prestigious school I thought it was mind-blowing.” “[Throughout my childhood], I would go to the best school that we could afford. When I heard Minerva talks about how some people’s families sold their furniture just to send them to a really prestigious school I thought it was mind-blowing.” From the beginning, this student expected to pay the full-price of Minerva and decided to not bother with filling out the financial aid application. This student’s family isn’t extremely wealthy; back home, they’d be considered “super middle class.” But they come from a society where it is common for parents to save up large amounts to fund their child’s education, so they could afford to pay the cost of attending Minerva — but not necessarily a more expensive university — out of pocket. “[After] living with my peers who are on financial aid, I feel like I have it a lot easier than most people because I don’t have as much pressure to get a job in the summer. The only pressure of not getting an internship is that I don’t have professional experience on my resume to get a job in the future. It’s not like I’m super well off, but generally [my financial situation] is ok.” While they recognize the benefits of their financial situation, this student also said that they sometimes wished they had a work-study position to help pay for daily expenses. This is especially true because they can’t work independently due to their work authorization and because their wages from a job in their home country would be low compared to work-study wages. “Class and money might not actually align here at Minerva.” During our interview, this student reflected on the general discrepancy between a student’s socioeconomic class at home, their income and resources, and the purchasing power that translates into in rotation cities because of different costs of living. While their family is middle class in their home country, they might make more money than an upper-class family in another country. Both students might find themselves living a lower-class lifestyle in expensive cities like San Francisco and London. The overall effect, as they said, is that “class and money might not actually align here at Minerva,” adding nuance to conversations about privilege and financial need that is sometimes overlooked.    Ultimately, this student pointed out, there is as much variation within the 20 percent of Minerva students who don’t receive financial aid as the 80 percent of students who do. “There are a lot of us who are close to getting financial aid but [don’t receive it],” they said. “But there are also people who are super rich, and we’re all in the same category. So there can be a misconception that I’m really rich.” This student sometimes feels pressured to help their peers from lower-income families and has done so on multiple occasions. They advised younger students who also have relatively comfortable financial situations to keep in mind “everybody has very different lives than you. Money can’t define who you are but it definitely puts a lot of strain on people who have to budget.” No one’s obligated to contribute to others, they said, but if you have the means to do so and feel compelled to help, you should. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall.  Before she enrolled at Minerva, Tessa Owens (M’21) was a student at the University of British Columbia (UBC). As an in-province Canadian student, her tuition was low, and it was easy for her to support herself with on-campus jobs though she received no financial aid from the college. She was excited about Minerva’s model but worried about how much the global rotation would cost her. Affordability was a significant factor in her decision to transfer — she told the Quest she left UBC in part because she was reassured that it was financially possible for her to attend Minerva.  Owens said she received her financial aid package after she enrolled and was shocked to learn that she had been awarded no financial aid. She appealed, but no changes were made. Her focus shifted to planning for how she would afford her first year in San Francisco.  “While everyone was supposed to be making friends and adjusting to San Francisco, I was job hunting,” Owens told the Quest. “I found a job in a gym by October. I still didn’t really have any friends in our class and then I didn’t make any friends for the months after that because I was just working all the time.” Owens doesn’t know why her family received no financial aid from Minerva. She guessed it was because her parents were paid in the Canadian dollar, a relatively stable currency, and owned their home. “I feel like Minerva expects us to go to significant financial hardships such as remortgaging our house in order for me to attend the school,” Owens said. “While everyone was supposed to be making friends and adjusting to San Francisco, I was job hunting.” Her family didn’t remortgage their house. Instead, most of her first year, Owens said, was spent trying to afford Minerva student life. After her first semester, Owens took out a student loan from a local Canadian bank — she had rejected a loan with Climb, the only form of financial aid Minerva offered her, because she didn’t think the terms were favorable.  Though the loan helped, Owens continued to struggle with daily living expenses during her first year at Minerva, working hard and saving money to the extent that her quality of life suffered. If anything, she told the Quest, she wished that she had been given a work-study position.  While Owens earned money working at the gym, she would often have to work more than 20 hours per week, interfering with her academics in a way work-study is designed to avoid. A work-study assignment would have also spared her the time spent job-hunting at the beginning of the semester, and many positions are also valuable resume builders. With the approximately $150/week in income from a work-study position, Owens said that she would have been able to afford healthy groceries beyond the rice and potatoes that made up the bulk of her diet.  In addition to struggling to eat, Owens also avoided visiting cafes and other fun but expensive activities some first-year students with financial means were using to make friends. She felt alienated from her peers and thought that many of her hardships were overlooked just because she was a student from a wealthy developed country. “[The Canadian] economic situation is stable and [there is] a welfare system, so why would I struggle more than a student from a developing country?” Owens said. “But I really think that students from poorer backgrounds than my own were probably in a more comfortable [day-to-day] budgetary position than I was because they had money to eat and I simply didn’t.” “I feel like Minerva expects us to go to significant financial hardships such as remortgaging our house in order for me to attend the school.” Over the past three years, Owens’ financial situation has only gotten more tenuous. Her mother’s disability, which developed a few years prior to Owens’ enrollment at Minerva, has meant that her father’s salary is what the family relies on as their primary source of income. After her second financial aid application was also unsuccessful, Owens and her family decided not to go through the tedious process of applying again for her third year.  Owens thought she might have a chance at getting work-study in her last year, however, after there was discussion of making the program available for all students. She applied for financial aid one last time and was grateful but confused to learn that she had been awarded work-study and a scholarship. “Where had this aid been in the prior years of my study?” Owens wondered. “How did it suddenly materialize for my fourth year?” Now that she is nearing the edge of her five-year college journey (one at UBC and four at Minerva), Owens is burnt out from constantly trying to balance student life with financially supporting herself, including working around the clock over summer break in order to save up for the next school year. Owens advises new students in similar financial situations to defer their matriculation in order to work. Though she decided not to take a year off in order to avoid further delaying her graduation and her parents’ retirement, she knows that it would have helped. Ultimately, she told younger students to “save up a significant stockpile, like $20-30,000, to help subsidize costs and ensure that you aren’t starving in any rotation city.”  If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor. Update (July 20, 2020): This article was updated to clarify why Owens wanted a work-study position as opposed to a standard part-time job. 
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Antonia Boorman is an M’20 from the UK. She was not seriously considering Minerva until she saw her financial aid package, which she considers to be very generous. Overall, the reality of paying for Minerva lined up with her expectations based on her financial aid package. The last year cost more than she expected because of Manifest, but she was able to afford it because she had a higher paying job in the summer of 2019. She also accidentally opted to start paying off her loans while she was still attending Minerva instead of waiting until after graduation which she said created more financial strain than necessary.  Starting to pay off the loans sooner rather than later gave her a lower interest rate, “which is good, but at the same time that means I’m paying $200 a month which is not something that I can afford.” She got more financial aid at Minerva than at other universities she applied to in the UK and the US. In the UK she got a loan to cover tuition and at other US colleges she didn’t get anything. So Minerva’s financial aid package with a grant and loans to fully cover tuition and other fees and work-study to cover living expenses was the most generous offer she received. She said it was unexpected because Minerva is a US university and the other US universities did not give her any aid. Boorman said that she felt grateful for the financial aid given by Minerva. She feels that Minerva did not have a responsibility to provide financial aid but does anyway: “We don’t really have the right to ask for money from them. So the fact that they’re giving out so much financial aid to everybody I think is a pretty good thing and it makes me sad that so many people are frustrated about it.” For that reason she did not participate in the financial aid Day of Action or town hall. She did not agree with the premise of demanding more from the institution and did not like the hostility. She felt like she understood the financial aid process including how to appeal (though she never had to) and how to contact Melissa Morgenstern, Minerva’s Student Accounts Manager. Even though she understood the process, she said it is long and some things still don’t work out even if you do everything right. She expressed frustration that the financial aid process is so lengthy. The first-year US financial aid application including the CSS profile is extremely long. Boorman also said that it is frustrating to redo it every year even though her finances have stayed the same throughout her time at Minerva. She mentioned that UK taxes don’t line up with Minerva’s financial aid timeline so she can’t provide all the documents Minerva requires.  She submitted the additional tax documents once she gets them after the Minerva financial aid deadline. An additional challenge for Boorman is that her parents are separated, so she had to fill out a non-custodial waiver to establish that she is only financially supported by one parent: “It was very, very stressful because in the first year I had to establish that I didn’t have contact. And then I had to do that every single year, which was traumatic in itself, but also just a very difficult process to do because how do you prove that you don’t talk to somebody?” She mentioned that budgeting and day-to-day finances vary between rotation cities because they have different costs of living. She said that one of the first things she would do in a new rotation city is find and sign up for the “free experiences” newsletter. Many big international cities like San Francisco, Buenos Aires, and London, have free experiences and/or events that are free for students, so finding an email newsletter with those events can be a great way to learn about things in a new city. Boorman’s tips for current and future students are to save up as much as you can over summer breaks and take out as little in loans as possible.  She said that summer internships have helped her save up for expenses during the school year and for paying off her loans.  Being in debt has been stressful for her, so she recommends only taking out the loans you have to. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 This piece is part of a series exploring the many manifestations of privileges and prejudices at Minerva through student stories. You can read the introduction of the series here or more student stories on race, gender, class, ability, nationality, or religious discrimination. It is a Sunday afternoon in Buenos Aires. Sergio, 21, is enjoying one of the many carne asadas that his family has Sunday after Sunday, almost without exception. These carne asadas pretty much encompass all the social interaction that Sergio has with his extended family. All his siblings, cousins, aunts, uncles, and grandparents get together to eat kilos of red meat, brought to their table every week thanks to the mass murder and animal abuse that the meat industry causes every single day.  Elisa, also 21, is having a delicious meal with her family at a fancy and pricey (the usual for her family) vegan restaurant in the most vegan-friendly city in the world, London. Elisa lives in a vegan family; she has never eaten meat or dairy products and has never wanted to try it since she knows about how bad the dairy and meat industry is for animals.  Sergio had no idea how meat-based and diary-based diets are so bad for the environment and for the animals that live a life of pain and misery. He only recently learned more and has tried to cut down on these products, but he still cannot refuse to be part of the carne asadas which have been such a big part of his life. It’s even harder now that he only spends a part of his summer breaks home with his family. Attending the carne asadas is the perfect moment to reconnect with his family and friends, it would be really hard to miss those. Is Sergio a worse person than Elisa? As you might already imagine, the point of this article is not to discuss veganism. But I wanted to tell this quick (fictitious) story because I want to start this article with the following point: Everyone’s journey starts from a different place and therefore is different. Your starting point determines the distance you have to travel. As long as we keep moving forward in the journeys that are worth traveling, where you start does not make you a better or worse person, even though others might be miles ahead or miles behind us. The journeys of focus in this article and in some that have recently been posted in the Quest are sexism and racism. I wrote this article to: I want to start with how patriarchy has shaped my journey. I grew up in a family with at least some (more than a few) patriarchal values. In my family, my sister has always been more protected, and subsequently restricted, than me and my brother. My mom did not want my sister to learn how to drive. Although she did tell my dad to teach her, she did not make it easy for her. She confessed to me that this was because she didn’t want her to use the car. Both my parents wanted either my dad, my brother, me, or my sister’s boyfriend to drive her to wherever she needed to go. They believed the company of a man was necessary to protect her.  My mom told me how for a long time she accepted that the housekeeping roles were hers to take. Doing so would make her a good wife. She also had to be the one to take us to school or to our extracurricular activities after school. Although my dad would also help with this when he could, she did not think that it was a role that my dad should have to take. As a woman, all these things were part of her responsibilities For the first half of my parents’ marriage, my dad provided the primary financial support for the family. He had a business and it was good enough to support my parents and me as a baby. With time, my brother and sister were born and it became more expensive to maintain our household. Then, the business was not enough to pay off the bills anymore. Ultimately, my mom went back to work and little by little she became the financial support of the family. She became the head of the family. When I asked my mom whether she thought that becoming the head of our family (at least financially) meant that she would no longer have the responsibilities she had as a woman, she said no. She told me she thought she had to become Wonder Woman to be able to succeed professionally. She thought the only way it would be okay for her to go on that professional journey would be if at the same time she could balance it with the other roles she was responsible for, just because she was a woman. And she did. My mom became, and still is, Wonder Woman.  Despite having grown up with some patriarchal beliefs, my mom also instilled a lot of feminist values in me and my siblings. She always told us how women are equally as capable as men to perform any job. Women can be as good as men in any sport. They deserve the same respect no matter the circumstance. Furthermore, a lot of the beliefs my mother had about her role as a wife have recently changed. Five years ago, my mom started working on a project for improving the criminal justice system in Mexico. People working for the project realized there were many gaps in the justice system that were specifically harmful to women. One of them is that women who have been abused for a long time by their partners, due to the immense fear they have lived in for so long, end up killing their spouses because they are so afraid of losing their life or their children’s. These women were sentenced much more severely than men who committed homicide. The environment of severe abuse and fear they lived in was not considered in the trial. My mom’s organization decided it was necessary to implement intensive staff training on gender perspective. My mom was part of this training, which led her to realize that the environment she lived in is full of sexism. Since then, most of her patriarchal beliefs have been challenged. She no longer thinks she has to assume any role in my family just because of her gender.  In the last five years, I have also been more reflective of my values. However, I have also had friends, from a young age, who did not share these feminist values. I too, at the time, was not reflecting on anything. Instead, I was simply a recipient of the things that I was exposed to. Last year, I posted this on my Facebook profile. In that post, I recognize how I have been sexist and reflect on precisely this aspect of starting your journey at different places. The triggers of that post were the feminist movements in Mexico at the time. Since then, I have little by little gotten more involved in learning about oppression and how to fight it. I have to admit that, at the time, I was pretty ignorant about how racism was still so present in our world. I thought that we kind of were in a “post-race” world, at least compared to how I thought our society was in the past. Despite telling and laughing, with my friends, at “inoffensive” (oh, how wrong I was) jokes about other friends who had darker skin than us throughout elementary, secondary, and high school, I thought that I was in a world where people weren’t that racist anymore. And yet we are still so so so far away from being “post-race.”  This is an example of how one journey can start in a very different place than another. My feminism journey started much further ahead than my journey on anti-racism, which just recently started after the murders of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor and all the media attention around the subsequent protests.  In terms of my anti-racism journey, I had the opportunity to attend Precedent. That helped me grow and I wrote another Facebook post triggered by those conversations and what was going on in the media at the time. I also attended a discussion on “Racism in our Community” organized by Minerva students and again that helped me reflect and grow. All these things have helped me move forward in my journey. And that is the important thing, to keep moving forward. During one part of the discussion on “Racism in Our Community”, we talked about how to call people out when they are acting sexist or racist. We discussed how to address people with questions, trying to understand their perspective, them understanding yours, and helping others grow. Here I want to add that during discussions like these, it is important to be in the mindset of “I am trying to grow, too.” I believe it is easy to think that because we have joined a movement and started becoming more knowledgeable about a topic, we are more right than others and that we are “illuminating” others with our wisdom. This can easily turn into ethnocentrism. For those who, like me, did not know what that word means, according to Google, ethnocentrism is the “evaluation of other cultures according to preconceptions originating in the standards and customs of one’s own culture.”  When we talk to people in the mindset of “let us all grow together,” we are more effective than coming at people telling them they are wrong, telling them their beliefs are flawed, and telling them that overall they are a worse person than we are. When we do the latter, we must expect people to become defensive. That’s because when we speak to people in the tone of “what is wrong with you?” they feel like we are attacking them, personally, not just the ideas that we are trying to fight. We have to attack racism and sexism, not people, especially not people in our communities. On the contrary, we want to team up with people against those beliefs that are sexist or racist.  After engaging in a discussion (thank you Nebraska and Alina) that touched on these ideas, I realized that I did not have any of that in mind when writing the comments I made on recent MiConfidant posts that expressed sexist ideas and “arguments”.  I wrote a lot of responses with the following connotation: “You are so wrong, your beliefs are so flawed, you as a person are worse than I am for not realizing that, and you have no hope for improvement” even though I didn’t think that at all. Even though I am convinced of the ideas behind my comments, I really could have expressed them better. I was not acknowledging that we start our journeys in different places. I strongly disagreed with a lot that had been presented, and how it was presented, and I got really angry and let that shape the way I wrote. But I did not believe that the person who wrote it is bad, or that I was in any way superior to them, just lucky to have started my journey farther ahead and lucky to have been privileged in ways that OPs might have not.  But then I realized another thing (that probably had long been realized by those who were concerned about the nature of anonymous groups like MiConfidant): it is very hard to address problems with regards to racism/sexism when they are alienated from the people who hold those perspectives. Anonymity results in responding to beliefs and opinions, not responding to people, so calling out those points of view in a very strong way is the most natural thing to do for many who have long been affected by those beliefs or opinions. After all, we really should not expect the passiveness of the oppressed when presented with views that have been the reason for their oppression. And when addressing an anonymous person, it is really hard to understand their context and their starting point in their journeys.  This takes us to the following point: tolerating people does not mean tolerating oppression. The way we tolerate people and work with them is by understanding where they are in their journeys. However, sexism and racism should never be tolerated. It is important to call out and react radically to acts of oppression when they are happening. Action needs to be taken, and never passively, to fight racism and sexism. A good place to start is our community. Whenever you see someone being discriminated against, you must not tolerate it. We must stop those acts and be loud when we stop it. Otherwise, the silence that has for so long been there will remain, and the sexist and racist society benefits from that silence. And so we must always be loud, radical, and never passive. When we are loud, we help people move forward in their journeys. Being loud lets people know they are not alone. It is hard to move forward on a journey if it feels like we are swimming against the current. When people are loud, we help others who have been moving slowly and silently. It is definitely frightening to go against what everyone in our group of friends has considered normal because in a way we feel like we isolate ourselves from them. But if we see others traveling the same journey, then we do not feel like that anymore, we are no longer alone. And so being loud is an act of solidarity. It means being empathetic to those who are behind in their journey but trying to move forward.  It is not within the aims of this article to prescribe how we must address every situation (because I could not possibly do so), but I believe there is a big difference between loudly calling out sexism and racism, and attacking people who have done something sexist or racist. Of course, there is a world of difference between someone who is expressing their racist or sexist beliefs in a discussion with classmates and someone who has sexually assaulted someone in our community. I think the first person deserves to be talked to as a person and have their beliefs challenged, while the latter deserves to be canceled, at least by the community. The assaulter should be immediately expelled. And if this happens, being loud is even more important. Saying the name of the person is important, being loud about what happened is important. It is important because the assaulter doesn’t deserve to be kept secret; we need to protect the victim and others from this person who has become dangerous to the community.  That said, I do think that “radical” is not mutually exclusive with “empathetic.” But this empathy has to come from both sides. If it does not come from one side, especially if it does not come from the oppressor, there is no truce and people will have to expect a much stronger, angrier, and outraged response. Otherwise, the one who ends up being ostracized is the person who is made fun of, the person who is abused, the person who is raped and not believed. And there is nothing worse than that.  That’s why we must always be loud and support those who are loud, those brave people who speak up (like Kate did with her article). We all need to be part of that response against racism and sexism.  And I want you to know that, whenever I see it, I will be part of that response. I want you to know that even though there is still a long way to go in my journey, if you have ever been discriminated against, I am with you and I will fight with you.  If you would like to share your story, please contact Aspen Pflughoeft ([email protected]gmail.com), Amulya Pilla ([email protected]), or Ibukun Aribilola ([email protected]). If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.
 This video was created by Enkhtsatsralt Enkhjargal with other students in the class of 2021 to reflect on their experiences in Berlin. The video was originally created for and presented at Continuum, Minerva’s end-of-semester celebration.  Watch the video here. 
 Welcome to Hyderabad! Join me for a virtual historical tour through the Old City of Hyderabad. Explore Gulzar Houz, Charminar, Nimrah Cafe, and Chowmahalla to discover Hyderabad’s rocky journey with religion. For those headed to Hyderabad soon, take the first step on your own journey as you prepare to know these places personally. Perhaps in exploring their conflict, we may be able to apply some of those lessons to our own lives and find harmony within our own differences. So settle in, we’re going on a journey! Watch the video here.
 About a year ago, I performed an experiment. It was during my first months at Minerva, and my time sitting in the grey halls of 1412 had tied me into an existential knot.  Since the early years of high school, climate change had become more and more important to me, so I had done the things I was told “climate-conscious” people do. I went vegan cold-turkey, avoided cars, and bought from sustainable businesses. My family’s unnecessarily big house that only two people live in most of the time, the Amazon packages that filed through our door, and how the organic cashews I bought were processed at the cost of someone’s hands did not cross my mind, or if they did, these considerations floated away as dreamy clouds while I practiced yoga in my basement.  As you can imagine, I fit right in when I arrived in San Francisco. As I sauntered down Market Street to the Civic Center farmer’s market with my reusable bag that I had just bought new, I flicked a proud smile at the Minervans I passed. But ignorance was only bliss for so long, as I began to tire of the heavy-handed social politics of environmentalism in San Francisco.  I watched Minerva staff belittle people for not recycling. Did they think that sending one of the thousands of plastic packages they bought from Costco on an oil-guzzling cargo ship to China was going to make a difference for the planet? If it did, was that minuscule difference worth the damage to a new student’s ego?  One day, I took a plastic water bottle from the fridge at HQ. (I had calculated that at the astonishing rate I seemed to lose reusable water bottles, it actually used fewer resources for me to buy plastic ones.) As I took the plastic bottle, a staff member commented “I wouldn’t have expected that from you.” I was taken aback.  You meaning someone who has expressed concern for the environment before?  You meaning a fellow upper-middle-class American who had been socialized to know that trivial climate-friendly deeds uplift your social standing?  I began to question myself — why did I “care about the environment?” Subconsciously, was I just trying to brush off the guilt of my privilege?  The next week, I learned in Empirical Analysis about Earth’s extreme climatic cycles over billions of years, and how life continued on despite the fluctuations. Why was I trying to save humans if the Earth would go on without us? I have mixed feelings about humanity anyway. I read a Vox article confirming an obvious yet ignored reality — wealthier people use more resources and more carbon, no matter how many Patagonia products and reusable straws they buy. Just by living in the United States, a homeless person who eats at soup kitchens and stays in a shelter uses 8.5 tons of carbon annually, more than double the global average.  Were all my attempts to be an eco-friendly consumer futile unless I left the country and dropped socioeconomic classes, disappointing my family and breaking all expectations for a kind-of-white, upper-middle-class student at “the most selective university in the country?”  Confused about my values and tangled in a philosophical maze, I decided to conduct an experiment. For a week, I would be as eco-unfriendly as possible. For all the little things I usually did to reduce my carbon footprint, I would do the opposite and I would see how I felt. I didn’t follow any of the EA HC’s correctly. I had no hypothesis of what would happen and made no attempt to measure my variables. When I tried to explain it to a climate-conscious friend, he looked confused as I got lost in existential babble about humanity and the earth. But I understand looking back that it was a test of my environmentally-friendly convictions, a proclaimed atheist attempting to reaffirm their faith.  For a week I took single-person ubers, bought cow’s milk ice cream from Foodsco that was full of cane sugar and palm oil, flushed the toilet extra times, left the lights on all day, spat my gum into the ocean, littered, turned on the AC while I opened the window and wore a sweater- whatever I could think of. Even though everything I did couldn’t make a smidgen of difference for climate change, I hated every second of it. I felt dirty, sinful, and still confused.  After sticking it out for seven days, I went back to my usual habits, having reaffirmed my conviction that I did care.  But I still wasn’t sure why I cared.  That only became clear to me this past summer during a sustainable design internship at a farm when we began to use sunscreen that wasn’t biodegradable. One mid-summer day, we noticed a small pile of rainbow-colored foam built up in an eddy next to the bank of the river where we bathed daily. Shaking our heads, we assumed the foam came from the runoff of an industrial farm upstream. Upon seeing a couple of dead crawfish washed up on the shore next to the eddy, I realized the only thing that had changed recently was our sunscreen.  I felt a pang in my chest, the same you might feel if you said something hurtful you want to take back, or see someone crying and want to comfort them. Sure enough, when we switched to a different bottle of sunscreen, the foam dissipated.  So why do I care? Because every time I use toxic sunscreen, throw away a plastic bag, turn on my lights powered by fossil fuels, drive my car, etc., this happens. Living beings, the ones that keep ecosystems — and all of us — alive, suffer and die. My actions may be too inconsequential to make or break the climate crisis, but they’re certainly big enough to affect a few humans and determine the fate of countless organisms. When you see dead crawfish and foam in the river where you bathe, it is easy to understand why it matters to take care of our planet. You don’t have to think about whether a decision is environmentally ethical because you can feel when it is wrong. Living with nature’s rhythms, you see yourself as a part of nature, your body as a bit of the Earth that you are borrowing for your lifetime, and being eco-friendly as a simple extension of the Golden Rule.  But how can we think this way when we spend four years in seven cities and none in nature, when we are so far removed from the places we take resources from in exchange for mountains of our toxic waste, when our environmental impact is combined with thousands of other people’s and becomes nothing more than a statistic? Someone living disconnected from nature will be affected by climate change, but not at all by the small impacts of their own decisions, so what motivation do they have to be environmentally conscious? As I buy my plane ticket to London, which will cost 986 tons of carbon, about 13 times the annual emissions for a citizen of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (the country with the lowest per capita carbon use in the world), should I be wracked with pain for the land and lives I am destroying? What can we do about the many plane flights we must take at Minerva and the goods we re-buy every semester? Would we feel better if we recycled and bought reusable straws?  I honestly don’t have a good answer. But I do know that I am going to be a farmer, so I guess I won’t have to worry about being too rich.
 Alex Sanchez (M’20) created this video as a part of his Capstone project; a literature review on the research and use of the psychology of persuasion to create a set of guidelines for framing messages towards young men encouraging them to engage in gender-equitable behavior. You can find his entire capstone here.  Difficulty playing? Watch the full video here.
 This piece is part of a series exploring the many manifestations of privileges and prejudices at Minerva through student stories. You can read the introduction of the series here or more student stories on race, gender, class, ability, nationality, or religious discrimination. Sometimes I worry that I’m screaming too loud. That I’m making too much noise.But I promise, I don’t scream about ghosts. Because it’s not a ghost.  And it’s not invisible either. It’s just too small to see with the naked eye, so we don’t believe it exists, and we don’t think about why it matters.  It’s a little thing, and that’s why we don’t pay attention. So little that it’s more dangerous than the things you can see. Because it works without us understanding why, and it hurts without us realizing when.  In the same way that muscle takes a little bit every day to build, or how gentle water can carve away a mountain given the time, consciously navigating our privilege is a “little thing” that takes practice to perfect and time to make habit. And the “jokes” or comments that bother us?  They’re little things too. But little things add up.  I grew up in the suburbs of Texas in a rich, white, “good” school district. I was one of the many Indian Americans who struggled to be white enough for the US and Indian enough for my family. And for a long time, I hated the world for the hand I was dealt. “I wish I could just be white,” I’d joke amongst other Indian Americans. “It would make life so much easier.” “You’re not like the other Indians, Amulya. You don’t smell bad or act weird,” he said.  I let those words echo for a moment in my head.  In a way it felt good to hear those words.  In today’s world, maybe we’d call that out for being racist and insensitive. Or maybe we wouldn’t.  I definitely didn’t.  Because when I was told that I was “white enough”  I believed that I finally made it to the cool kids table.  Because now I wasn’t “one of them”.  Because this, my friends,  was a compliment.  Back then, I didn’t know much about racism or sexism or any other -isms, really. I was never really taught the words to untangle these interactions. You see, there’s no word to describe the nuances of being “too Indian” in a rich, white, “good” school district.  No word that describes the way a backward compliment makes you feel.  “You know that’s not what I meant.”  A timeless classic.  An inoculating explanation.  I still don’t have the words. I’ve been thinking a lot about these little moments from my childhood recently. Sure, they were offhanded comments, half-baked thoughts wrapped in good intentions, and of course, they fell from the lips of good people. But why does that make these little things okay? Why are we satisfied with explanations in the place of solutions? They were little things, sure, but it’s been four years and I still remember them.  “Hi. Nice to meet you. Where are you from?” It’s a simple question really. Shouldn’t take much thought to answer.  “Hey! I’m Amulya. I’m from Texas,” I’d tell them.  Growing up in Dallas, Texas, I’d never get this question. There were enough Indians who lived there to make it known that some of us literally just came from Texas. People would assume that my parents were immigrants. I guess that’s still an assumption – it just happened to be right.  “Oh… but where are you really from?” And honestly, that is the question that always sent me into a spiral. Now I know what you’re thinking. It’s a simple question. What’s the big deal?  And maybe I would slump back into my turtle shell to whisper back a defeated “my parents are from India. I’m from India?” But if you caught me on the right day, I might scrunch up my eyebrows in frustration and tell you that this question makes me really annoyed. It makes my gut turn in defense, and it makes me squeal on the inside.  “Where are you really from?” What does that mean? Are you asking me about my ethnicity? My nationality? I know you’re confused because I said Texas but my skins a bit too tan to pull off the horse-riding cowboy-hat-clad redneck you were picturing, but does “where are you from” suddenly require an explanation for why my existence doesn’t fit your stereotype? For someone who grew up in a country where my skin was always my first introduction, I promise you. It’s a little thing. But it matters to me.  “Am I white enough to be considered Texan?” “Am I cultured enough to be Indian?”  “Why does my accent betray my skin?” The casual question makes me instantly feel different. Exotic. Is that a compliment? Being exotic?  “Where am I from?” I still don’t have the words.  I’ll never forget the one conversation that really hit the nail on the coffin on this one. My first month at Minerva. San Francisco. Still making the rounds to learn everyone’s names. “Hi! I’m Amulya.”  “Oh, Hi Amulya. Nice to meet you. I’m [so and so]. I’m from [some place].  Where are you from?” “I’m from Texas. Born and raised!” “No, you’re not. You’re from India.” …oh? It took me a second to understand what had just happened.  “What?” “Your Facebook picture has you in those Indian wedding clothes or something.  You’re from India, right?” I don’t remember what I said in response. In my mind, my jaw was hanging open, and my eyes wide. Are they telling me where I’m from? Am I Indian because I look like it? Because I dress like it? How does an Indian dress? How does a Texan behave? Why does it matter??? Nice to meet you too??? I know, I know. You’re overreacting, Amulya. It’s a little thing. That’s not what they meant. But to me, it isn’t little. It’s exhausting to have to define my identity when the question isn’t a question, but an expectation of who I am supposed to be in their mind.  Tell me, what do you learn about me when you ask me where I am from? My upbringing? My financial status? My culture? Or does it fill in the blanks of my personality with pop culture references and social stereotypes in your mind? It’s not necessarily wrong to ask the question, and I really don’t blame this person for not knowing. In fact, we laugh about it to this day. But I still remember it. And it’s a little thing that won’t budge in my mind every single time I see this person. It makes me wonder why we shrug off the little things.  Is my discomfort really just a “little thing?”  Maybe we still don’t have the words.  I guess it’s a little thing, but it’s a part of almost every introduction I’ve ever made in my life.  As a female born to immigrants and a brown-skinned American living in the racist US  I checked all the boxes. I felt like I had a monopoly on complaining.  I was allowed to be upset at the world.  And I was.  I still am.  But it wasn’t really until I came to Minerva that I could put faces to stories of what real privilege does and doesn’t look like. That I realized the absence of words for these experiences explains why the little things go unnoticed.  It’s just too small to see with the naked eye,  so we don’t believe that it exists  and we don’t think about why it matters.  “Privilege” and “prejudice” are not games of haves and have nots. I am both privileged in some ways and not in others.  I’ve never been threatened or harmed because of my skin color, religion, or gender. I’ve never known real hunger. I grew up with access to a computer. I always always always had a roof over my head. I speak English fluently and have a US passport. And I know these are all little things… but, really, they’re not. These are little privileges that make a world of difference when you don’t have them.  They’re little things, and that’s why we don’t pay attention.  So little that their absence goes unquestioned And so their absence is more dangerous  than the things you can see.  Because they help without us understanding why,  and hurt without us realizing when.  It’s not like I woke up one day and decided to be the person I am today. It’s the accumulation of little instances that seemingly invisibly add up to build out character and values. It doesn’t take impossible strength to weather stone. It takes gentle patience.  In the same way that muscle takes a little bit every day to build,  or how gentle water can carve away a mountain given the time,  consciously navigating our privilege is a “little thing”  that takes practice to perfect  and time to make habit. I know I alone can’t change the world. I can’t snap my fingers and make all of this mess disappear. But that doesn’t mean that I shouldn’t try. Being conscious of my privileges, my mistakes, and my contributions to the hurt in the world?  That’s a little thing. But little things add up.    If you would like to share your story, please contact Aspen Pflughoeft ([email protected]), Amulya Pilla ([email protected]), or Ibukun Aribilola ([email protected]). If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.
 This piece is part of a series exploring the many manifestations of privileges and prejudices at Minerva through student stories. You can read the introduction of the series here or more student stories on race, gender, class, ability, nationality, or religious discrimination. Let me just open by saying that my name does not matter but my background does. I am a white (very white, like sun-burned-in-minutes sort of pale) female from a privileged background. The area where I grew up was very white, very religious, and very right-leaning conservative. Prior to Minerva, I could easily count the number of people of color whom I had substantially interacted with. My parents raised me as “color blind” (a term from my own mind). Race was not a discussion, neither in a racist way nor in an anti-racist way. I simply didn’t notice differences in skin color or race — so, naturally, I didn’t consider the nuances of how skin color affects an individual’s life. I spent much of the last few years very upset with my upbringing for this failure.  This summer, my mother shared a snippet of her own upbringing in an area with a history of KKK involvement. And though she would never say it, I suddenly understood how radically I had been raised. When I was young and my parents were trying to raise me, being “color blind” was a major shift towards anti-racism. Now, I cannot express enough my gratitude for the way they raised me. For the fact that they never batted an eye when unofficially “adopting” my Haitian, Black older brother into the family (the one who I entirely forgot was Black for probably 6 or so years). For the fact that they defended me from the scolding white grandmas when I carried a Black baby doll as a young kid. Of course, I still have a long way to go. That much has become abundantly clear. As a white person, I have been on the kinder side of racism. At times on the global rotation, my skin color made life even easier — people were more welcoming, guys found me more attractive, and people found me more interesting because I was white. I was not aware how my skin color made my life easier until leaving the US (my home country, for better and for worse) and, unlike ever before, I have found myself uncomfortable with my whiteness. Hating the undeserved attention, ashamed for the way people like me have treated people unlike me, and sickened by the reality that racism makes my life easier. So when I started at Minerva, I was ignorant of the racial nuances that my classmates of color knew intimately. Over that first year, a few situational factors set me up for a sharp course correction: Through conversations with these individuals, I began to understand that racism was not in the history books I had learned from during high school. Racism was present every day in subtler but equally damaging ways. One afternoon in December, my Egyptian teammate-best-friend-combo and I were talking about our civic project and the crazy shifts that brought our team together. She told me that the original team of four (which I was not part of) had another student on it. The individual would not listen to the insights or comments of her two African teammates, instead dominating the conversation. After their first meeting, she requested to change groups. The reason was something vaguely to do with her teammates not getting along and not seeming capable. She was immediately moved even though the project policy was no switching. “She’s racist,” I remember my friend telling me. “She was the one who was difficult to work with & she didn’t listen to us at all. And the staff who switched her, yea, she’s racist to me too. She stuck her nose up when I told her I was from Egypt and she always over-explains to me like I don’t understand. She only likes people who are like her.” And I thought that there were no racists at Minerva. Because I understood racism as my US history book taught it, racism existed during slavery and segregation. Neither of which still existed in the US so, by extension, racism no longer existed in the US, right? Wrong. After that conversation, I couldn’t really conceptualize “racists” the same anymore. The dichotomy of racist or non-racist that I had always been taught had shattered when pressed. That was the first time my perspective on racism was challenged — and thank goodness it was not the last. How this began, I really don’t know, probably partially from the combination of situational factors that I mentioned above, partially from attending church and having a small group with other Christians (most of whom were people of color), and partially from some other elements that I will never be able to explain. But one of the last nights of winter break, I was sitting on my neighbor’s floor amidst the chaos of a group of Africans trying to leave on time for an African dinner (let’s just summarize to say it wasn’t going quickly). I don’t know who said it, but I will never forget the words that have come to change the whole course of my last two years. As I sat on the ground, just laughing and talking with them all, someone looked at me — “Aspen, why are you just sitting there? We’re waiting for you, grab your shoes.” And from that moment on, I have had an African family. Shortly after, when it had become routine for our habibis to all spend time together pretty much 24/7 in some combination of people, my Egyptian friend and I were talking about someone being weird the day before. She looked at me, “You don’t get it, do you?” “Get what?” She shook her head sadly. “People treat you differently, especially when you’re around us.” “What do you mean?” “Just watch, watch what people say and do when you’re around us [Africans].” So I began to watch. The more time I spent with my habibis, the more I saw it. Though my friend did not explicitly call it racism, I now know that’s what she wanted me to see. Now that I have begun to see, I cannot unsee. When we gathered in the lobby, classmates coming past always spoke to me first. I could be deep in conversation or in the middle of my Habibis and they spoke to me, the only white person in the group. “What’s going on?” They would ask, usually with a veiled tone of concern. You know, the way you ask a question while implying assistance if needed. Of course, some people used the subtler version (still directed to me), “Where are you all going?”  Very quickly, I learned to deflect these questions to the people who actually knew where we were going or what was happening because, a lot of the time, I didn’t know — and, if I accidentally said this, the swift response was always: “Oh, are you okay?” Wow, I heard this question so many times from so many people — people who I had not spoken to in weeks, people from all over, people passing by, people coming out of their way (VERY noticeably) — whenever I was around my Habibis, people suddenly cared if I was okay. And ONLY when I was around my Habibis did these people care if I was okay. Consciously or unconsciously, they looked at the white girl with Black and Brown Africans and worried for her safety. The assumptions they made about my Habibis still knots my stomach — because it’s been almost two years and I am still asked the same question. This exchange has happened over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. I suddenly realized how long this has gotten. I’m sorry for my lengthiness and heartbroken that I even have so much to say — but I will not use lengthiness as an excuse for me to push aside other moments of racism as “insignificant.” Because those were only a few of the manifestations of racism that I have seen among Minerva students. On multiple occasions, I have been asked to speak at events (including Friendsgiving, Quinquatria, and Continuum) or to write something on behalf of my cohort. And, on multiple occasions when I have politely declined and recommended some of my classmates of color, I have heard event hosts (staff and students) decline the recommendation with the words “we already have enough people” or, more disheartening, “that’s okay, we already have someone from outside the US” (of course, this most often meant they had a white European speaking). And what about the comments that classmates made about who I chose to room with in Seoul (a German, a Nigerian, and an Egyptian, all girls). “Oh, that’s… interesting,” “how can you all get along? You seem so different,” or “oh so you have another Westerner.” And the more blatantly racist comments that classmates made about my flatmates in Hyderabad (an Egyptian girl, two Nigerian guys, a Moroccan guy, a Mexican guy, and a guy from the US): Over the course of spending time with my Habibis, they have come to share secondhand stories with me. These conversations usually start with one of the Africans commenting, “you know, Aspen, you’re not like the other Americans.” And then continue with remarks about how they feel unwelcome around some of our American classmates because they’re from Africa. How they feel ignored or not really listened to by these classmates. Another time, a Black friend of mine commented about people thinking he was intimidating. I sort of laughed (yes, I cringe while recalling it too), “you’re not intimidating to me.” He sort of stared at me with his mouth open. Apparently, that was the first time a white female had told him that she didn’t find him intimidating. He had heard the opposite from classmates and non-classmates. I had a similar conversation with a different Black friend of mine. For him, he had multiple classmates tell him that when they met him, they thought he had anger issues (he doesn’t) and that he hated them (he didn’t). Some classmates had even told him that’s how all the Africans looked to them — angry. Another time, a Black friend of mine was telling me about his work study project & the couple other students he worked with. He mentioned how the manager thought he was lazy when, for the last few projects, he had done most of the work, including covering for the other teammate. No matter how much work he put in, his teammates and manager just seemed to think he was lazy. At the time, he didn’t call it out as racism but I wondered about it, having heard stories like these from him for the last two years (usually from teams where he was the only African). Another time, I learned that racism doesn’t just come from people sometimes. An Egyptian friend made that clear one day when we were doing some Minerva survey and they commented, “Ah, I hate these forms that make you pick your race. A lot of times they don’t have Middle Eastern so I put Caucasian but then people tell me that I’m wrong?” She’s the same one who has enough stories that she plans to write something on her own. She’s the same one who encouraged me to look — to really look — at how people treat each other. Many of these moments seem small and subtle. They’re the actions that, years ago, I would have brushed aside as misunderstandings or just false assumptions. Yet as I write them out, I notice the repetitive nature. The commonalities across each story. And the stark reality that I have never seen my white classmates treated this way. And that is the bottom line here. While we are all equals, people of color are not yet treated that way. Time for us to get to work.  If you would like to share your story, please contact Aspen Pflughoeft ([email protected]), Amulya Pilla ([email protected]), or Ibukun Aribilola ([email protected]). If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read our analysis of a student survey about financial aid and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Giovanna Chaves (M’20) is from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She joined Minerva as a transfer student from a Brazillian university. She explained to the Quest that most Brazillian university students live at home with their parents and it’s unusual for students to work part-time in the semester or during the summer. Before attending Minerva, she was living with her parents and her only expenses were transportation, not tuition or food. Chaves wanted to study in the US and knew that the cost of attending a US university would be high. She explained that it’s not common in Brazil for parents to save for college, so she knew she would have to take out loans to attend a US college and felt like she knew what she was getting into. She was happy with her university in Brazil, but wanted to meet people from all over the world. She ultimately made the decision to enroll at Minerva after going to Ascent. Finances were a big part of her decision to attend Minerva. The scholarship she was offered for her first year was very good — the cost was nearly the same as the cost of her attending university while living at home. She didn’t consider flights, visas, or health insurance, but she said even with those additional costs the first year was affordable. Chaves explained that while these costs aren’t hidden, “you don’t really take them into account when you do the calculation.” Some parts of the financial aid application were difficult for Chaves and her family to fill out accurately. It was easier to complete her first-year application when she was living at home and it was more difficult when applying in later years because she had to talk with her parents online. Her parents are separated but not legally divorced, so they have separate incomes but share some assets. Mortgages are not common in Brazil, so it was confusing to translate those types of concepts to accurately convey her family’s finances. It was difficult to communicate that complexity in the forms but Chaves directly reached out to the financial aid office and found that they were helpful and understanding. Chaves felt like it was clear what she had to do to apply for financial aid. “For me the thing that isn’t clear is how Minerva takes that into account,” she told the Quest. “For example, do they take assets into account? Do they say ‘they can pay because they can sell their car?’” Some things, like selling a car or taking out a loan against a house, might be more common in the US but not in a different context. Chaves said that her first year “was a learning experience.” It was her first time budgeting on her own: “I was pretty used to my parents paying for everything and not really thinking about what that money meant,” she told the Quest. “This became very different when I was the one having to save to pay for visas, health insurance, and flights.” She was able to afford her day-to-day expenses with her work-study earnings and also saved enough to travel. When the financial aid packages were released for her second year, “I think it shocked everyone,” Chaves said. Like some of her classmates, her family contribution increased by over $1,000 and her work-study decreased. During the 2016-17 school year, students could work up to 12 hours per week at $15/hour which was decreased to 10 hours per week (still at $15/hour) for the 2017-18 school year. Chaves didn’t get any explanation for the increased family contribution. She told the Quest, “Some people questioned it and went to ask for a better package. At the end of the day, I knew that my family could afford it so it didn’t feel right for me to ask for something less, even if that meant struggling a little bit more.” “They want you to come to Minerva for a year so they give you a good [enough] financial aid package to do so. Once you’re there for a year, you’re in the community, you’re into the classes that you’re doing, and you’re a lot less likely to leave.” After the packages were released, an idea circulated amongst M’20s that “they want you to come to Minerva for a year so they give you a good [enough] financial aid package to do so. Once you’re there for a year, you’re in the community, you’re into the classes that you’re doing, and you’re a lot less likely to leave.”  An anonymous M’20 student also mentioned that she thought Minerva was using this sunk cost fallacy. But only Chaves’ second year had a higher family contribution; it decreased again in her third year. Chaves said she didn’t understand why her family contribution changed because nothing changed with her family’s finances. Chaves lived at home and worked for Minerva the summer after her first year because she wanted to save up money. But she used most of that money in her first month in Seoul because it took a month to get her first work-study paycheck.  She started work-study in the middle of September instead of the beginning of the semester, and it took an additional three weeks to log her hours and get her first paycheck. Her birthday is in the first week of the semester and her dad would usually give her some money which she would always end up spending on food: “I don’t think I actually bought myself any birthday gift for four years,” Chaves told the Quest. In her second year, it was harder for Chaves to save money because she paid for her flight to Seoul and her entire winter break including her flight from Seoul to Hyderabad. She ate out more in Seoul than in San Francisco because the residence building didn’t have full kitchens, and around the middle of the semester she had to call home and ask her parents for $100 to help with her expenses. In Hyderabad, she was able to live much more comfortably because of the lower cost of living. The scholarship tax and the expense of moving twice also added to her increased spending in the second year. Since flights are a big expense, Chaves would usually try to save up throughout the semester to buy her ticket. But she usually wasn’t able to save quickly enough and ended up booking her flight near the end of the semester when they were more expensive. Chaves acknowledged that she could have saved more by always eating in and never traveling during the semester. When she tried that, however, she felt that she wasn’t having “the Minerva global rotation experience.” Looking back, Chaves wishes Minerva had given her more support starting in Foundation Week to learn how to budget. For her and many other students, starting at Minerva was the first time she had to manage her own money. She now tracks all of her purchases and expenses in a spreadsheet so she can see what she’s spending her money on. She also doesn’t think it’s clear how Minerva accounts for exchange rate fluctuations. Sometimes the exchange rate when students pay the November term bill is completely different than when they submitted the financial aid forms in January or February. Chaves submitted most of her forms in USD and specified the exchange rate she used but she mentioned that some students send their forms both in USD and in their home country’s currency. She has talked to some Brazillian underclassmen who were worried about their Fall 2020 term bill because the Brazillian real has devalued dramatically in the past few months. If Chaves had to pay for her first year in 2020, it would be almost double what she actually paid in 2016. Chaves has been frustrated that Minerva hasn’t sent emails informing students of deadlines. For many students, a few weeks isn’t enough time to make sure they have the money to pay term bills or other large payments such as the scholarship tax.  Additionally, Chaves said that when she’s had confusions about financial aid she’s been reluctant to email Minerva. Since there is only one full-time staff member handling financial aid, she doesn’t want to overwhelm them. She advises current and incoming students to consider how much they will need to be earning after graduation to pay off their loans and how that will impact their post-graduation plans. “I know that right now working in Brazil is not going [to allow me] to pay back all my loans,” Chaves told the Quest. “Working in the US might, if I save enough money.” “I know that right now working in Brazil is not going [to allow me] to pay back all my loans. Working in the US might, if I save enough money.” From her first-year financial aid package, Chaves estimated that she would end up with $10,000-$12,000 in loans for her whole time at Minerva, which she thought she would be able to pay off with whatever job she got post-graduation. She mentioned that she didn’t realize at the time that Climb loans have a 6.5% annual interest rate which is higher than US federal loans and a few private loans. She also didn’t consider that loan payments continue over the summer, so she had to make sure she had a stable enough income to pay them. When looking for summer internships in her first two years, Chaves found it frustrating to see her classmates getting “amazing internships in the US” that were great work experience to have on their resumes. For her, it was cheaper to stay at home and work for Minerva, which was important for her to pay off her loans and be financially comfortable during the school year. In her last summer she had a great internship but spent most of the money she saved in the month in between the end of her internship and the start of the new semester because it would have been too expensive to fly home. She said that she felt like Minerva and the CTD team wanted students to get these opportunities but weren’t considering that a lot of students can’t afford to take them. “Financial aid is a very sore topic for a lot of people who struggle to pay [for Minerva],” Chaves said. She acknowledges that sometimes the complaints about finances are not rational: “Scholarship tax is not Minerva’s fault, it’s the US government’s fault, but it’s still frustrating […] for those of us who have to work to pay it. It’s still frustrating for people who didn’t know this was a thing before [they] signed up for it.” She felt that sometimes students ask their peers to assume best intent from Minerva without addressing these emotions. When asked if she would enroll in Minerva again, knowing what she knows now, Chaves answered, “Yes, which sucks.” She elaborated that even though Minerva ended up costing more than she had expected, she would still enroll. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor.
 Hello my fellow M’22’s, We have just begun our third year in Minerva, meaning that we have already hit our midway point. If you’re like me — and I’m sure the majority of you are — you would have taken a total of 6 classes in your second year. That amounts to 24 credits and, adding the workload we all took in freshman year, that means that most of us have already finished 56 credits worth of classes. The problem is, we need 120 credits to get our degree and graduate and we’ve not even hit the halfway point yet. How did this happen? Where did we go wrong?  Minerva didn’t want us to take a fourth class in our second year for our mental health, so here are the options they have left us with: Let me break down how none of these are actually viable options, and iterate just how fucked we are. In order to take a fourth class, we must first petition to Minerva to be allowed to take it. This would be less infuriating if it wasn’t for the fact that you would have to have had virtually zero absences and extensions in any of your previous classes to get your petition approved. I’m not overexaggerating, this is an actual thing I was told by Minerva.  First of all, what the fuck. Second of all, what. the. fuck. Why would Minerva give me three undocumented absences and four extensions and tell me that I would not be penalised — academically or otherwise — for taking them, only to say that any fourth classes I petition for would get rejected for these reasons? Is this not a form of punishment? It feels to me that Minerva is changing the rules to a game whilst we’re playing, and I don’t have much of a say in it. The people who did get their petitions approved were the exceptions, not the rule. Also, what kind of double standard bullshit is this? Minerva almost never releases anything when they say they would. How many extensions do they get? If Minerva expects us to have never taken an absence or extension for our work, then they should lead by example. Even if you somehow manage to meet these standards, the hurdles do not stop there. Because — surprise! You can’t take more than 16 credits in any given term. And since during our third year we take 14 credits (capstone seminars are two credits in our third year), we actually can’t take another class without going over the 16 credit limit! I don’t know if this was ever explicitly said to us, but I only found out about this rule through research and can’t find it in the student handbook to confirm. It seems a bit suspect to me that this was never explained to us before it was too late, thereby forcing our hand to push over any additional credits we might have to complete to our fourth year — AKA: Death Year. Minerva has planned for us to take 12 credits each term (including tutorials and capstone seminars), so we have space to take an extra class there (hopefully Minerva gives us permission to complete our degree!). I would like to point out that this does seem rather counterintuitive to Minerva’s rationale. If taking a fourth class in our sophomore year would be so detrimental to our mental health, would this stress not be heightened in our senior year, when we’re focusing on our capstone and tutorials, and all of our courses are concentration courses (which are inherently more difficult and in-depth than the core courses we take in our second year)? Where is the sense? Where?  Fourth-year also brings about the added stress of looking for jobs and trying to plan your life after university. This is all on the assumption that we complete our 120 credits on time and graduate, though. If not, Minerva has assured us that we can make up up to 8 credits worth of classes after our graduation free of charge, the only catch is that you don’t get your diploma on time — ‘cause that will reduce our stress! Already in the outside world, we have to convince everyone that Minerva is a real university, can you imagine what it will look like claiming to have graduated but with no diploma to show for it? I don’t know about you, but if my friend came to me with a similar situation then I’d say “you just got scammed, hun,” and can you blame anyone for thinking that? Minerva already sounds like a scam to anyone who first hears about it, and this certainly does not help… What is Minerva’s response to this predicament? Behold, the IL199s! For the price of one class, you can instead take two civic projects that you probably don’t care about and aren’t meaningful or relevant to what you want to do in life and write a report about it — because that definitely is worth part of the tuition you pay! Oh, but what’s that? Someone’s at the door, who could it be — oh it’s COVID! And — wait, where did all of our civic projects go? Oh, they’re called civic challenges now and will definitely not be anywhere close to taking 120 hours to complete and so Minerva is not providing any means for us to get in-term credits? Great! It’s fine; we can just get an outside internship or something during the term— oh what? Most of us are on work-study? Oh. Welp, Minerva raises a huge middle finger to all of y’all then. Figure it out on your own, and then when you do somehow figure a way out of this pile of dung, Minerva will claim that they were teaching us a valuable lesson in creative problem solving, because don’t you see that eVeRyThInG iS iNtEnTiOnAl. And regardless if you do figure out everything, the fact that the majority of a class cannot graduate on time with the provided (and indeed insisted upon) standard workload set up by Minerva, then something is definitely wrong. I mean, is this even allowed? We’re paying for 120 credits, but Minerva has forced most of us to take 112 and find our way to the other 8. How can they get accredited if it’s literally impossible for students to complete a full degree with the prescribed standard course load without severely damaging their mental health? Are all universities like this? I sincerely doubt it. So now, we’ve reached the section of the article where I propose some solutions so that it’s not just me complaining about a broken system without actually taking any steps into trying to fix it. Without further delay, here are perhaps some things that could be done to just give us a little bit more of freedom:  Part 1: Have the administration make overload petitions easier — In the case of M’22, let our cohort overload this spring! Yes, we know it’s a lot, but our mental health is best when we’re on track to graduate. Part 2: Retroactively get IL199 credits for our first year required civic projects that were a year-long — we put in the hours, we wrote papers more intense and comprehensive than IL199 summary papers. Why is this not worth at least four credits of IL199? Especially when our cohort was the only one required to do these projects. If the administration doesn’t want to recognise these credits across M’22, then M’22s — start applying for IL199 & use your first-year civic projects!  Part 3: Make the criteria of an appropriate experience for an IL199 less strict. Not all of us can afford to prioritise good internships that don’t pay much over the summer. Sometimes we apply to jobs based on what we can afford to do, and based off of what will end up paying us the most money and has the most benefits. I know in my case, I took jobs that paid a lot over jobs that would have given me a richer experience. As a result, my summer internships do not qualify for IL199s (I’ve asked), and in the end, I am left having to choose between getting my diploma on time and being able to afford said diploma. So yeah, Minerva, thank you for thinking about my mental health but also, I feel like this was something I should have been consulted in instead of being forced to do. the end y’all im done This piece is a Tips/Student Life piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected].
 A few days ago was my first time seeing someone in the process of dying. She was not alive nor dead, she was in transition. She had Alzheimer’s, a nasty kind called a “progressive disease”. It progresses in making you dysfunctional, and it steals you from your body and locks you in a moldy basement. Some people do get to escape for a few seconds, I think they have something they feel so hard that their voice in the basement magnifies ten times and breaks a little window through. Like when my aunt’s mother, who also had Alzheimer’s, turned to me when we were sitting face to face in a Christmas dinner and said “I’m happy everyone is here, together”. Then they get locked again. In some instances of escape, they get lost wandering in the past. When that happens, who are you, really? What about your personal growth of your past years which do not exist anymore in your head? Are you someone of the past but with updates of the future? Are you in two or more places at once?  Then in the latest stages, you’re no one. The past is too slippy to grab and the future too close to see, yet unattainable. All you have is the moment which is passing through you like a soft breeze, you don’t see it coming, nor when it passes. Like a hummingbird stopping on a flower.  Isn’t it better?  Normally, you would think and wait for the hummingbird knowing it’s going to come, you have expectations and when it comes you get so uncomfortably sad knowing it’s going to go away that you forget to look at it with your whole being. Your one foot is in the past, the other in the future, while your hands are struggling to stretch to hold to the present. For people with dementia -, the hummingbird is a miracle, and they get absorbed with looking at it because no other time exists at that moment. It’s just them, the seconds flying through their eyes like ghosts and the hummingbird.  Sounds not that bad, until you need the warmth of memories.   When I saw grandma, she was curled up, her leg bones wrapped in her skin, which now had brown dots all over and looked as if it would turn into ash if you blew at it the way you blow at birthday candles. Her hands were thrown to her left side, her head propped up straight and comforted by the big white pillow. Her being was walking away, it had already left the bottom side of the body. Every time her breath reached out for air, she took another step away from here, and she did so with no worries in her forehead wrinkles. I recently read this passage “If you could hear the sound of the pen of the angels writing your name among those who remember Allah, you’d die of joy” by Ibn Al Qayyim. Gramms was not Muslim, she was catholic, although her face reflected the joy of the sound of the pen of the angels. We all knew. She passed away two days later.
 Izzy Rousmaniere (M’20) majored in Humanities Applications and minored in Government, Politics, and Society. She used her Capstone Project to research the obstacles and approaches to building intercultural competence and consciousness at Minerva. This is her Capstone Project. The Minerva Schools at KGI aspires to create a revolutionary model for a higher education that creates global citizens and leaders by “nurturing critical wisdom for the sake of the world.” Intercultural competence, or the ability to exhibit self-awareness and appropriate behavior in cross-cultural contexts, is widely acknowledged as crucial to this goal but has only recently become a serious pedagogical focus in the institution. In this paper, I analyze how both interpersonal and organizational patterns of ethnocentrism at Minerva might be developed into ethnorelative frameworks for thinking and acting, and I advocate for Minerva to integrate morality into to its cultural pedagogy aim for intercultural consciousness, not just competence, in the interest of both student well-being and global citizenship. I conclude with a list of recommendations that could be implemented across the institution’s pedagogy and operations to contribute to creating interculturally competent and conscious graduates.  I owe much gratitude to my advisor, Dr. Erin Kamler, my Capstone advising group (Bella, Ximena, Aleezae, and Uyen), and every professor and academic mentor who provided resources or insights in this process, especially Prof. Scott Wisor, Prof. Suzanne Kern, and Prof. Dollie Davis.  Gratitude also to my mother, Wendy Morris, who was a source of wisdom and a research mentor throughout this process, but who has been a sounding board and an inspiration to me on issues of culture and consciousness for much, much longer. This project would not exist without her (and neither would I).  Many thanks to everyone who contributed interviews and comments to this project, and to every student and staff member whose thoughts, questions, and rants over the last four years made their way into our conversations and then into this Capstone. None of this project is mine alone.  This Capstone is dedicated to the Class of 2020. This isn’t the ending we expected, but then no part of it was really what we expected. It was all still magical. Thank you.  The Minerva Schools at KGI have an incredible opportunity and responsibility: to educate bright and driven young people from around the world, in the diverse contexts of vibrant global cities. Building intercultural competence (abbreviated ICC) is a crucial part of that education for several reasons. First, to prepare students for the particular kind of sensitivity and self-awareness required to live in a global community and a foreign context without unintentionally creating harm or hurting those around them. Second, because strong intercultural communication and competency will not only be advantageous but likely necessary for students’ careers regardless of their sector or location (Davies, et al., 2020) (Krajewsky, 2011). And third, because ICC is an important part of personal growth and development, especially in an increasingly interconnected world where any decision we make reaches far beyond our immediate communities.  However, in its early years of operation, Minerva’s practice has been to demand the development of intercultural skills without directly teaching them. By dropping young people into a global community and rotation with few concrete pedagogical tools, the institution has expected that students will learn by osmosis. As has become clear to both staff and students, this has not allowed students or the institution to reach maximum potential with regard to intercultural competence. Without guidance as to how to build one’s capacity to interact with culturally different classmates and contexts, students fall into patterns of self-segregation in both the community and the city, and often respond to difference with insensitivity or disrespect rather than adaptation. This project explores cultural development at Minerva from a variety of angles: by investigating the theoretical and practical literature on intercultural competence and consciousness; by interviewing students and staff about how Minerva’s model has served their engagement with cultural issues; and by examining the ethical implications of institutional views of ICC both for students and for Minerva’s mission.  Minerva’s administration is aware of this issue and of the critical importance of addressing it. Since spring 2019, staff and administration have significantly increased focus on ICC pedagogy, including developing and implementing a mandatory for-credit course that first-year students are in process of taking. This shift is an important and laudable step, and so far, the course seems to be going well. Despite this progress, I have chosen to work on this project because I think (and members of the administration agree) there is a value in incorporating student perspectives as programs are built and evolved. In the rest of this paper, I will argue that there are still unaddressed issues and problematic mental models at the core of how Minerva as an institution engages with culture; it will take more than a change in student- facing pedagogy before Minerva is able to fully and responsibly serve its students and mission in this area. If Minerva truly wants to create better future leaders and global citizens, the institution will need to transition its pedagogy from an overly simplistic, historically isolationist, and extractive view of culture to an engaged and integrated approach that challenges students and staff alike to see their cultural identities and experiences as relative and interlinked with both moral responsibilities and global systems.  I have, on some level, been thinking about this project since before beginning at Minerva. I chose this institution because it provided me an opportunity to help build something new and interesting and important—an entirely unique and ambitious university, which in many ways made much more sense than the status-quo alternatives around me. I also had a sense even before enrolling that there were gaps in the cultural education model and that I wanted to use my time here to help steer this young institution toward a culturally ethical and effective pedagogy. I have spent an abundance of time and energy at Minerva working to understand the complex forces and dynamics that shape the community and organization. Through experiences running community programs and conversations in and out of class, with staff and students as well as mentors outside of Minerva, I formed some initial ideas about the scope and potential solutions to the challenge of cultural skills development. This Capstone process has provided me the opportunity to investigate, test, and expand those intuitions through structured interviews as well as in-depth academic research.  I hope to present this project to the Minerva community as an opportunity to spark conversation among staff and students; to inform faculty and administrative perspectives on the past and present status of intercultural competence at Minerva; to provide a marker for where Minerva is at this point in its development with regard to engaging with culture; and to be a jumping-off point for institutional solutions and progressive action around culture. In short, my goal for this project is to change the conversation at Minerva about culture.  I begin with an overview of the abundance of literature on intercultural skills development, including in educational organizations. This literature provides some scholarly context for my project, and draws from many disciplines including philosophy, communication studies, and education. It includes definitions of intercultural competence and consciousness; discussions of the importance of cultural skills in an increasingly diverse society and workforce, and arguments for viewing culture in conjunction with dynamics of history, politics, and power. I follow by introducing the multiple frameworks and ideas that form my analysis, including the strategic value of intercultural competence for Minerva as an institution; concepts of ethnorelativism vs. ethnocentrism; global citizenship; critical consciousness; and intersections of educational philosophy and democratic theory.  The rest of my project is an analysis of the past, present, and (proposed) future of intercultural competence at Minerva. I argue that Minerva has transitioned through multiple phases in the institution’s relationship to culture—from misconceiving of intercultural development as something that “just happens” with opportunity, to building an intentional and research-based pedagogy for intercultural skills. I conclude that Minerva’s next phase of pedagogical development should take into account a critical approach to intercultural competence that sees interaction between members of different cultures as occurring within complex sociopolitical and historical contexts and has as its goal the development of critically conscious global citizens. Intercultural competence (abbreviated ICC) is a complex and broadly discussed topic. It is not always clearly defined, and people around the world have done related work with widely varying goals, contexts, and assumptions. There are books written about intercultural competence for business leaders and teachers, doctors and diplomats, in addition to the wide academic literature debating what exactly the concept does or should entail and how best to develop it. Countless companies and organizations purport to be able to accurately assess and train cultural skills. This is all to say that there is no way I can, nor do I intend to, review all of the literature related to this concept, or even all of the major schools of thought about it. Rather, I aim to situate Minerva’s ICC effort within its academic and theoretical contexts and to introduce the models, questions, and bodies of work I will draw on throughout this project. In every section of this review, I have selected only a few examples of the existing literature— enough to introduce a reader with little knowledge of ICC contexts to the basic terminologies and theories of the field as they are relevant to the institution of Minerva.  The SAGE Encyclopedia of Intercultural Competence describes its subject as “a set of cognitive, affective, and behavioral skills and characteristics that support effective and appropriate interaction in a variety of cultural contexts” (Bennett, 2015). This is the terminology and approximate definition that Minerva uses and that I will use to frame my analysis. The definition is fairly broad, general, and widely accepted; its author, Janet M. Bennett, is a major scholar in the field, whose work Minerva course developers leaned on heavily in their initial research process. However, it is far from the only descriptor of the concept.  In line with the theme of complexity and extensiveness, types of literature on ICC are highly varied. (A few) questions this literature aims to answer include: why ICC is important, how cultural diversity affects teams and organizations in various settings, what comprises intercultural skills, and how best to develop those skills for individuals and groups. An abundance of research, including much of the literature Minerva used to develop its ICC program, focuses on the benefits of intercultural experiences and diverse teams for both individuals and organizations. Prevailing scholarship links the development of intercultural competence and/or organizational diversity to creativity, personal growth, and many other positive outcomes (Leung, et al., 2008, 2014) (Davies, et al., 2020). This, along with the rapid internationalization of almost every field, has accounted for the massive growth in intercultural competence scholarship in recent decades.  A particular focus of my (and Minerva’s) research was, unsurprisingly, intercultural competence in higher education and specifically in multicultural or international student programs. This is in itself a broad set of literature with a variety of aims and perspectives. As globalization has grown as a driver of systemic and organizational change, many scholars argue that universities are (or should be) becoming internationalized, in both demographics and curricula (Stier, 2003, 2006, 2010) (Ryan, 2012) (Deardorff, 2006). In Cross-Cultural Teaching and Learning for Home and International Students, a number of scholars discuss the challenges and opportunities facing growing international student populations at many universities around the world, as well as the influence of international experiences on students’ identities, skills, and learning (Ryan, 2012). Cabrera, et al. (2016) explores the topic of culture from a racial justice perspective, arguing that a centering of whiteness in higher education institutions in the U.S. contributes to campus cultures of racism and exclusivity. In their monograph Rethinking Cultural Competence in Higher Education: An Ecological Framework for Student Development, Chun and Evans (2016) also discuss culture specifically in the context of U.S. universities, defining intercultural competence in part as the ability to build relationships across difference and examining the systemic and structural issues that either prevent or support healthy (inter)cultural engagement on campuses.  In the rest of this analysis, I will lean heavily on the existing literature about the structures and systems that drive efforts for inclusion and ICC development, especially in higher education. As an institution that arguably embodies the internationalization of education, Minerva has always highly valued theories on the tangible impacts of study abroad and diverse student communities for building skills of employability. However, it is only in the last year or so that Minerva has begun to consider ICC research conclusions that the presence of diversity does not in itself necessarily lead to competence, and that targeted efforts must be made by organizations to integrate inclusion efforts, build critical awareness, and prompt skills development. This body of literature was essential in Minerva’s choice to develop ICC pedagogy, and will serve as valuable research in the next steps toward building out sustainable changes in the way the institution and its students engage with culture.  The terminology used to describe various theories and measures of a person’s skill in engaging across cultures is a mix-and-match of prefixes and synonyms, which often come with their own nuanced connotations. These connotations are not only complex, they are also inconsistently used throughout the vast literature. In non-academic literature especially, many authors do not explain or justify their preferred terminology. The term “culture” is almost always present, but may be prefixed by “inter-” or “cross-”, and followed by “awareness,” “effectiveness,” “dexterity,” “maturity,” “sensitivity,” or simply “skills.”  In many cases, different terminologies of intercultural competence have enough difference—in the ways they are theorized, their goals, and their contexts—as to be completely divergent versions of a still-related concept. There is a clear common thread among these: they aim to teach individuals and groups working in diverse contexts the skills to communicate and interact effectively and appropriately across cultural difference. However, the assumptions, values, and goals signified by these terminologies vary in meaningful ways, which means no choice of phrasing can be completely neutral. Although there is little clear-cut division, some terms emerge from or are used more consistently in specific fields. For instance, “cultural competence” in healthcare includes awareness of the historical legacies of inequality that underlie a need for medical professionals to better support communities that have been underserved and marginalized by the medical field (Jowsey, 2019). In contrast, “cultural intelligence” or “CQ” is used by business and government leaders to learn how best to partner with foreign leaders or subsidiaries, or manage diversity on workplace teams (Early & Mosakowski, 2004). From a distance, these two concepts might seem like a simple difference in phrasing, but when examined more closely we see that their priorities—the needs they are designed to fill—are significantly different. One concept sees people from other cultures as patients in need of service; the other, as either adversaries or partners for achieving self- interested outcomes.  This table summarizes various versions of the intercultural competence concept as they are commonly utilized in different fields: Minerva students and staff may remember when the institution approached this concept as “global dexterity” or “cultural dexterity.” Neither of these terms is frequently used in the prevailing academic literature. Where “cultural dexterity” appears, it is usually in the context of a popular article or professional development book, often attached to leadership or business training (Hazard, 2014) (Molinsky, 2013). Minerva moved away from this terminology in part because of its uncommonness, but the word “global” was also dropped due to its limiting definition of culture (Personal Interview, 2019). Prevailing scholars in cultural studies fields, including ICC, typically define culture as consisting of dimensions beyond the global-versus- local, aiming to be inclusive and aware of how differences in race, gender, religion, sexuality, and age can be incorporated into culture. This broader lens is also relevant for Minerva, as students must be prepared to interact across multiple kinds of difference, not just nationality.  Intercultural competence as a concept has lineage in communication studies, cultural studies, business, sociology, and many other fields. There are a wide variety of theories and methodologies influencing ICC concepts, but most approaches see ICC as a set of attitudes and behaviors that can help individuals either succeed or fail to act appropriately in diverse contexts. Krajewski (2011) summarizes shared elements of most ICC models:  “There cannot be a ‘one size fits all model’, but most models include similar dimensions and vary in emphasis and detail of components. Many scholars identify multiple components of ICC, including versions that divide the concept into psychosocial, cognitive, and interpersonal elements; or into internal traits (like adaptability, empathy, and ethnorelativism) and external manifestations (like appropriate behavior) (Salisbury, 2013). Some frameworks add a moral dimension. Almost all models include awareness (of the self, of the other), an open-minded attitude, intercultural knowledge and skills that lead to effective communication and behaviour as an outcome.” (p. 138)  Other attitudes commonly included are curiosity, incorporating an inquisitiveness and intrinsic motivation to learn about other cultures; tolerance of ambiguity and resilience to change; and cultural humility and suspension of judgment (Bennett, 2009) (Deardorff, 2006). Most major theorists agree that development of one’s own cultural identity is a critical aspect of developing an ability to understand and relate to other cultures, but exactly how this process occurs is widely discussed and debated.  This paper focuses mainly on culture-general, rather than culture-specific, approaches to intercultural competence. Culture-general models address ICC with regard to abstract skills that can be applied in any cultural context—i.e., curiosity or self-knowledge. In contrast, culture-specific models are based on knowledge of a particular target culture we are aiming to understand—for example, understanding appropriate behavior in China versus Sweden (p. 6, Bennett, 2009). While I will discuss this in more depth later on, in short, Minerva’s developing pedagogy aims at both, but with a curricular focus on gaining culture-specific knowledge as a means of building culture-general skills. For instance, the ICC curriculum for first-year students attempts to teach high-level competencies like open-mindedness through activities addressing knowledge gaps about the history and culture of San Francisco and the United States.  One major concept in the field of intercultural competence is the idea of intercultural positioning system or culture mapping. This ICC tool involves observing different dimensions of cultures that individuals, institutions, and societies can use to gain awareness about their own cultural patterns relative to others (Bennett, 2009). This concept was heavily influenced by culture theorist Geert Hofstede, whose six dimensions of national cultures are: Power Distance, Uncertainty Avoidance, Individualism/Collectivism, Masculinity/Femininity, Long/Short Term Orientation, and Indulgence/Restraint. Within this framework, any given national culture exists on a continuum of each of these characteristics, and knowing where an individual or group lies (including the self) can help to determine the most effective and appropriate way to interact (Hofstede, 2011). Chinese culture, for example, is famously collectivist and hierarchical; U.S. American culture skews strongly toward individualism and egalitarianism. Mainstream ICC literature argues that without observing and allowing for these differences, individuals and organizations from each culture will struggle to understand and work with one another effectively. Various theorists have proposed their own subtly or drastically different models in addition to Hofstede’s, and the debate about exactly what kind of patterns make up a culture is ongoing (Bennett, 2009). Critics of culture mapping argue that it can slide into essentialism and stereotyping (Jones, 2007). In Minerva’s new ICC pedagogy, students are assessed on both intercultural skill sets and on their own cultural positioning, using the former as a benchmark for skill development and the latter for personal and interpersonal understanding. The section below discusses one prominent framework for development that links both these outcomes to support enhanced self-awareness and authentic, effective intercultural interaction.  The model I rely on most heavily in this paper is Milton Bennett’s Developmental Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (abbreviated DMIS), introduced in 1986.1 I chose this over other models for three primary reasons: its natural use of a growth mindset as a development-based model; its flexibility in terms of defining culture for a global setting, but without having to do exclusively with national identity; and its framing around the paradigms of ethnorelativism and ethnocentrism, or the distinction between avoiding versus seeking difference. These characteristics seem to me to fit with the ideals of culture at Minerva, and although I’m certain that of the hundreds of models of intercultural competence it’s likely not the only one that combines these three qualities, it is a prominent example that has both contributed to and been evaluated by ICC literature to a great extent over the past several decades, and for which resources are abundant.  First, Milton Bennett’s model employs a growth mindset which fits it easily into an educational context and into Minerva’s pedagogy specifically. The DMIS consists of 6 stages of intercultural development; the first three stages take place in a paradigm of ethnocentrism, or the centering of one’s own cultural context; and the second three take place in a paradigm of ethnorelativism, in which one sees other cultures with complexity and in a framework detached from their personal cultural identification (M.J. Bennett, 1986). The developmental aspect of the model means that it classifies individuals based on where they are on the scale, not by any measure of who they are inherently. One critical aspect of Bennett’s developmental model is that it is linear but not unidirectional; capacity can be lost as well as gained, and individuals can regress to earlier parts of the scale. This is appropriate for an educational setting, and specifically for Minerva, because it naturally integrates a growth mindset, or the idea that development is possible and that skills and characteristics having to do with cultural sensitivity are malleable and can always be built on improved or changed. The DMIS is a developmental model—that is, emphasizing a process of maturing and progressing over time—as opposed to a compositional model, which identifies component parts presumed to make up the whole of intercultural competence (Borzikowsi & Wolff, 2018). The Intercultural Effectiveness Scale (IES)—the model which Minerva has this year started using to assess students’ intercultural competence— is an example of the latter; it identifies competence as the constituent result of multiple natural tendencies such as self-awareness, emotional resilience, and motivation to learn (IES, 2019). Although it discusses ways to increase or compensate for these characteristics, the framework fits less easily into a growth-mindset way of learning.  Second, the DMIS defines culture broadly in a way that can be used seamlessly across identity categories and in a global as well as domestic context. Another development model of ICC is King and Magolda’s (2005) Developmental Model of Intercultural Maturity. This model defines intercultural maturity as a combination of cognitive, intrapersonal, and interpersonal skills that results in not only a recognition of other cultures’ legitimacy but also of their interactions with one another and with social systems, for instance of race and class (Reid, 2013) (King & Magolda, 2005). The model employs a critical approach to intercultural issues that engages with inequality, rights, and power dynamics; however, it largely does so within a U.S.- based context of race, defining intercultural maturity in large part as an ability to understand and deconstruct whiteness in relation to other social groups and power structures. This could limit the model’s applicability in an international context such as Minerva where race is undoubtedly a conversation, but may not be the conversation; and it centers the development of white American students potentially at the expense of other identities, thereby limiting the scope of discussion of other forms of privilege relevant within the community and context of Minerva.  On the other hand, the IES and similar ICC assessments designed for a multinational business context tend to center the idea of culture as national identity in a way that limits its applicability to other contexts. Because these assessments are typically built for students studying abroad or (more often) for companies looking to go global, the definition of culture they employ is often, as in the case of the IES, built around an individual’s ability to understand or adapt to different national cultures. In the IES, this takes the form of the dimension “World Orientation,” which allegedly measures an individual’s level of interest in foreign cultures, as expressed through a desire to travel or expose oneself to media from different countries (IES, 2019). This does not mean the models cannot be used for domestic or non-ethnic definitions of culture (i.e., gender, sexuality, generation, etc.), but they are not built for it and therefore privilege one definition over others. The DMIS, by defining culture in terms of developmental stages that apply to any definition, avoids trapping itself either in a domestic American context or in an international definition of culture.  Third, the DMIS uses the paradigms of ethnorelativism and ethnocentrism, which provide a useful framework for describing in broad terms how individuals and institutions engage with identity and cultural difference. One critical aspect of ethnorelativism as a paradigm is that it does not require knowledge of a particular culture. Rather, ethnorelativism is an overarching state of understanding that cultures differ and that other cultures are as important and valid as one’s own. Ethnorelativism is empathetic; it allows one to make a decision based not on the golden rule of “treat others the way you want to be treated” but rather “treat others the way they want to be treated.” It makes space for cultural difference rather than suppressing, oversimplifying, or demonizing it. At the other end of the scale, ethnocentrism is a starting point for individuals in their engagement with culture. We tend to center our own cultural experience in our view of the world by default; all we know is what it is like to be us. However, when engaging across difference—and especially when leading— behavior from a place of ethnocentrism can lead us to forget that others have different experiences; to write them off as less valid than our own; or to aim to understand them solely through frameworks we are familiar with. In an example from the Minerva context, it was the use of ethnocentric frameworks on the part of (mostly American) staff that led to a failure to properly introduce students to the cultural norms and histories of the U.S. before Foundation Year and to consider Seoul the first city in the “global rotation” rather than San Francisco, despite more than 80% of the student body experiencing the U.S. as a foreign country.  The DMIS is organized into three ethnocentric stages of Denial, Defense, and Minimization and three ethnorelative stages of Acceptance, Adaptation, and Integration (Paige & J.M. Bennett, 2015). Individuals in the first stage, Denial, display a lack of concern for cultural difference—a sense that it doesn’t exist in their world or, if it does, that it is not particularly relevant. This is often supported by a monocultural setting of isolation or (perhaps intentional) separation from other groups. Segregation can both signify and perpetuate denial, since the stage is only sustainable when one need not pay attention to or interact much with individuals from other cultures (Paige & J.M. Bennett, 2015). Individuals in this stage may say something like “culture isn’t an issue in my life because it doesn’t exist here.” (this was something a Minerva alumnus who signed up to talk to me about this project said about their life pre-Minerva life in a mostly white U.S. suburb).  The second stage, Defense, is defined by a polarized us-vs.-them mentality characterized and maintained by stereotypes and judgmental thinking. The stage can take three forms: denigration (negative or overly critical judgment of other cultures), superiority (positive or uncritical judgment of one’s own culture), and reversal (negative judgment of one’s own culture and uncritical evaluation of another, often an oppressed group). An example statement from this stage might be something like, “Asian people are so hardworking. My culture should be more like theirs,” or “That person is probably like that because of their sexist culture.”  Minimization, the third stage, is characterized by a growing recognition of cultural difference but also by an overemphasis on similarities. These similarities could take the form of physical universalism (sourcing from the biology of being human) or transcendent universalism (shared commitment to overarching principles or laws like human rights or religion). This stage is ethnocentric because the perception of similarity is “based on one’s own version of the transcendent principle or understanding of what constitutes being human: ‘Everyone is all alike, and they are all like me.’” (Paige & J.M. Bennett, p. 522). This stage is also characterized by avoidance of conflict or judgment in favor of tolerance and respect. A quintessential statement from this stage is “We’re all part of one race—the human race.”  These three stages are ethnocentric because they all represent a worldview that prioritizes and centers the self; that revolves around the individual’s cultural experiences as the default to which all else is compared (and ignored, judged, or minimized). These stages may also be referred to as Difference Avoidance, “[representing] monocultural orientations where one’s own culture is central to reality and serves as the point of reference for evaluating and interpreting other cultures” (ibid., p. 521). The following three ethnorelative stages, or Difference Seeking, are intercultural orientations, “where one’s own culture is only one of the many possible organizations of culture, where meaning is derived from other cultures on their own terms, and where evaluations are relative to the cultural context” (ibid., p. 521).  The fourth stage of Bennett’s DMIS, Acceptance, is also the first to occur past the paradigmatic shift toward ethnorelativism. Acceptance is characterized by an interest in learning about and experiencing other cultures and by an understanding that cultures can be different from one another without being better or worse. It incorporates both respect for cultural differences in behavior and for differences in values. This does not necessarily mean agreeing with value differences, but rather accepting diverse ways of organizing cultures and seeing them as complex, relative, and valid (“‘I see how this value difference fits into the whole of this culture. While I don’t want to adopt it as my own, I can place it in perspective.’” (ibid., p. 523).  In the fifth stage, Adaptation, individuals are able to adapt their thinking and behavior to the patterns of another culture. This can allow them to interact and communicate more effectively across cultural difference. Milton Bennett takes care to differentiate adaptation from assimilation; adaptation is additive, meaning that by learning new cultural patterns one is not losing their core cultural worldview or identity. The two dimensions of adaptation are empathy and pluralism; the ability to take the perspective of another and the commitment to experience living and working in other cultures and to expand one’s frame of reference. It follows the cultural learning from the acceptance stage with an acting on, or enactment of, cultural understanding (ibid., p. 523). Bennett also clarifies that this stage requires not just memorizing a list of “dos and don’ts” for a particular culture, but rather generating authentic, appropriate behavior in various cultural contexts based on one’s ability to shift perspective and develop a “sense of appropriateness” in any context:  “When the goal is to generate authentic, appropriate behavior in a different cultural context, we need first to seek to move our experience into that cultural context. We need to ask questions such as ‘What do people pay attention to in that culture? What status people have, or what they’ve accomplished? What people say, or how people act? These and a myriad of similar questions can allow us to shift our perception into categories that are more like those of the other culture, and in so doing, to shift our experience into that context” (M.J. Bennett, 2015).  The sixth and final stage, Integration, represents an expansion of an individual’s identity beyond their primary cultural affiliation to include the movement between cultures and bridging of diverse cultural perspectives (Paige & J.M. Bennett, p. 523). Individuals in the integration stage are reliably and sustainably able to shift their behavior and decision making to act appropriately and ethnically across cultural contexts (M.J. Bennett, 2015).  Bennett uses the term “sensitivity” over “competence” because he sees sensitivity, or consciousness of cultural factors and difference, as underlying competence action. He uses the term ‘‘intercultural sensitivity’’ to refer to “the ability to discriminate and experience relevant cultural differences” and the term ‘‘intercultural competence’’ to mean “the ability to think and act in interculturally appropriate ways,” and argues that “greater intercultural sensitivity is associated with greater potential for exercising intercultural competence.” (Hammer et al., 2003). Sensitivity could also be considered a more broadly applicable term than intercultural “effectiveness,” the latter of which inherently comes alongside connotations of productivity, implying that one must be effective at something, that culture is a goal to be accomplished and that could occur either effectively or ineffectively. Sensitivity, in contrast, is valuable in relation to any context, action, or being—it simply refers to one’s awareness of the conditions surrounding them.  The DMIS can apply not only to individuals but also to organizations and groups (M.J. Bennett, 1986). In this context, the mark of an organization that has transcended ethnocentrism is one that neither suppresses cultural difference, nor emphasizes it to the expense of unity, but rather that invites the creation of “third cultures” out of diverse groups’ aims to adapt to one another. In this way, an interculturally competent organization embraces both cultural difference and unifying shared values (M.J. Bennett, 2015). Both individuals and groups have proven extremely likely to overestimate their capacity for intercultural sensitivity; based on my research and observation, I believe this is the case for both Minerva as an institution and for many staff, faculty, and students.  In recent decades, scholars in and around the field of ICC and intercultural communication have begun to question the (in)efficacy of the field’s mainstream for addressing questions of global power dynamics and intersectional identities. They are concerned that stated issues of “differentness” obscure actual issues of oppression, and that addressing the latter with skills designed for the former can only have the effect of further entrenching unjust structures (Dean, 2001). This approach criticizes the field as one that portrays intercultural communication as “a privatized, interpersonal (one on one), equalized and neutral encounter/transaction between comparable national group members (and in some cases, racial/ethnic group members within a nation) and as such, in terms of individual (interpersonal) skill development to bridge equalized differences among cultures regardless of the context, setting, or historical/political moment” (Halualani & Nakayama, 2010, p. 2-3).  It may be more comfortable for dominant group members to see intercultural competence as an equal playing field of cultural confusion and learning, but this comfort is misleading and distracting from the reality of the social and power structures that impact intercultural interaction. The real aim where there are dynamics of both culture and power at play should not be to make everyone comfortable but to “spread the discomfort around” (Zemsky, 2019). The Handbook of Critical Intercultural Communication defines a critical approach as one which “foregrounds issues of power, context, socio-economic relations and historical/structural forces as constituting and shaping culture and intercultural communication encounters, relationships, and contexts” (Halualani & Nakayama, 2010, p. 1).  Many of the scholars who discuss culture from a critical perspective have aims of social justice, or rectifying imbalances of power in light of historical and present-day inequities (Cabrera, et. al, 2016) (Dean, 2001) (Moon, 2011). Others express concerns that aspects of ICC exist to fulfill a culturally American wish to make everything “knowable” and that instead professionals should become comfortable with not knowing, while growing familiar with their own biases and perspectives (Dean, 2001). Similarly, in the care-centered framework of cultural competence, practitioners worry that a focus on essentializing and understanding cultures will overpower a commitment to interrogating one’s own biases; some advocate “cultural humility” as a framework that automatically accounts for dimensions of bias and power (Jowsey, 2019) (Waters & Asbill, 2013).  With regard to some conceptions of intercultural competence, scholars have argued for education to go beyond intercultural competence and toward critical consciousness, a concept from philosopher Paolo Freire’s Pedagogy of the Oppressed which places in focus how a subject does not exist in isolation but in relation to the rest of the world, including to historical and present-day dynamics of power and oppression (Kumagai & Lypson, 2009) (Freire, 1974) (Diemer, et al., 2016). As theorized by Freire, critical consciousness allows individuals (particularly those from oppressed groups) to develop an understanding of how complex social structures impact their conditions of life, which is the first step in changing those conditions. Critical consciousness requires three core elements: critical reflection, critical motivation, and critical action (Diemer, et al., 2016). The first refers to one’s ability to question, recognize, and analyze social structures, including those of power and marginalization; the second, to the development of a sense of agency and capacity for changing those structures; and the third, a commitment to action. Research has shown positive links between critical consciousness development and academic achievement at the high school level, particularly among students who identify with marginalized groups (El-Amin et al., 2017).  Combining these ideas, Karim (2003) uses the concept of “intercultural consciousness” to discuss the morally responsible application of intercultural competence, arguing that competence is more conceptually useful when coupled with a commitment to “consistent, caring, and ethical application of those skills and knowledge” (p. 36). Leaders who are culturally competent may also be unethical, egocentric, or ethnocentrically motivated, and may act at the expense of cultural “others.” Most professional- or business-centered frameworks of intercultural competence focus on the development of skills, not on the moral framework through which they are used. Often, the point of intercultural competence according to businesses is to engage more effectively with international customers, partners, and competitors so as to extract the highest possible value from them. Critical theorists argue—and I agree—that which to approach cross-cultural interaction, a framework which allows for the denial of moral responsibility and ignores the consequences of exploitation. The field of critical intercultural communication is one that Minerva seems not to have explored at all, and one that the institution may not even be aware of. It raises questions and theories that I will engage with closely in the following analysis, as I think they fall in precisely the spaces that tend to be institutional blind spots. I will draw on this literature to argue for the value of a critical approach to culture that specifically addresses values of justice, equity, and context, and will identify ways in which this perspective is both missing from, and crucial to, Minerva’s approach to intercultural competence.  Minerva has historically treated intercultural competence primarily as a mechanism for students’ career development, despite formally describing that development as personal. The institution has viewed ICC development as one of its foremost unique value propositions for prospective students, partners, and employers. As an outcome of the 7 cities model and global student body, ICC development would prepare Minerva students for citizenship in a globally interconnected world. In practice, however, the institution’s engagement with culture has aimed more toward preparing students for professional success in a globalized business marketplace, through a focus on extractive learning and quick, superficial engagement, largely focusing on surface-level adaptation—moving between, versus developing understandings of, different cultures. Many of the approaches Minerva has taken to culture and intercultural skills have sourced from business worlds which view cultural difference as a barrier to overcome in  order to get what you want from a juxtaposed “other.”  My framework for this project rejects this extraction-oriented approach to ICC and instead argues that for Minerva to truly fulfill its mission of preparing students for the world of the 21st century, the school must take a more holistic approach to culture. I propose an ethnorelative orientation as an ultimate goal for student development—that is, the ability to de- center one’s own cultural context—and argue that not only students, but the institution itself must strive toward this goal in order to be effective. True global citizenship requires empathetic, not just “appropriate” behavior; as I will discuss later Minerva and its students have historically often fallen short of even the latter.  This project, at its core, rests on several statements of intention by the Minerva Schools at KGI and on several understandings which naturally follow about the institution’s obligations to students and the world in light of those statements. Minerva aims to nurture critical wisdom for the sake of the world. This is the mission that all branches of the institution lead with, the statement highlighted at the top of the “About” page on the website, the one-sentence context internalized and repeated by students and staff almost to the point of cliché. The Minerva Schools express this aim by teaching students at a rigorous level with a focus on practical, applied skills; science-based pedagogy; and experiential learning—and by leaning into the challenges and opportunities of globalization to a nearly unprecedented degree compared to other higher education institutions. One of Minerva’s many unique features—one that draws many students, staff, and funders to be interested in it—is the school’s international student body and 7-city global rotation model. The institution’s website claims that “Real understanding of the world and its people only comes from exposure to the realities of life in different cities with diverse cultures.”  Of course, marketing material like text on a webpage is just that: marketing. But the stories Minerva tells about itself—which are repeated in documents and speeches to members of the community far beyond the admissions process—are an important cue toward the institution’s goals, priorities, and unique selling points for students, staff, and partners. And for every place that Minerva currently falls short, there are an abundance of opportunities for growth. This paper is about that growth.  Minerva’s reasons for expanding and integrating its ICC pedagogy are fundamental to the school’s reason for being and its unique selling points. Profiles of Minerva by The New York Times, The Atlantic, and the World Economic Forum all cite Minerva’s international travel and global student body as exciting innovation points; students’ experiences in the global rotation have been profiled by their local newspapers as well as by online influencers (Miller, 2015) (Esposito, 2017) (Binsky, 2019). The global aspect of a Minerva education is not just glamorous and intriguing to prospective students, funders, and partners—it is also one of the most unique and critical ways the program is preparing students for the future. Globalization is impacting every industry, and will continue to blur borders and identities to an unprecedented degree. Not only do industries increasingly look past borders, but so do critical challenges like climate change, economic development, and global health management. International education is important, and increasingly seen as such by major institutions around the world, because the only way we will be able to solve global problems is by creating a global community that knows and cares to work together (Salisbury, 2013) (Chun & Evans, 2016). This is a version of ICC that must prioritize empathy, service, and sensitivity; in the long term, all of our futures are bound together, so in the short term, leaders must make decisions that deeply consider and account for their impact on everyone.  However, within the framework of intercultural competence as strategic advantage, Minerva, like much of the ICC literature, has tended to focus on the purpose of intercultural skills as self-serving—that is, what students gain, in terms of career and future benefits, from ICC development. This is the view of intercultural competence that Minerva staff and administration have built over the last year or so and which has led to the development of the ICC course. It has also led to a tendency to overlook the importance of intercultural competence development at the organizational level, which undermines the institution’s ability to model ICC and to serve students’ diverse needs. Therefore, I argue that while the strategic value of ICC is important to consider, it is not enough to fulfill Minerva’s stated mission. The view of intercultural competence as a tool for personal career development leads to an ICC that does not take into account service or justice, only extraction and exploitation. This allows Minerva to create future leaders who may be skilled at extracting from members of other cultures but who are not necessarily better at building alongside them—that is, there is no real transformation. If Minerva truly seeks to mold future leaders and global citizens, its cultural pedagogy will need to be critical rather than conventional; integrated rather than historically isolationist; and service-oriented rather than extractive. In short, Minerva will need to engage with intercultural consciousness, not just competence.  First and foremost: I am assuming that Minerva does indeed want to create better future leaders and global citizens, as stated in the materials above and as implied by the fact that almost every and member of administration, staff, and faculty I have ever spoken to has said that something to this effect is the reason they came to, or stayed at, Minerva: a better way of doing education; bright, diverse students with the potential to go far; a curriculum and experience designed to foster global citizenry. If we need to have a serious conversation about whether Minerva hopes to create ethical, diverse, and well-prepared future leaders and citizens in its quest to “reinvent higher education,” then I will have deeply misunderstood the intentions of this institution and those who are part of it. As introduced to students, the new ICC course itself has been “designed to support Minerva students in their journey to become aware of their own intercultural competence and worldview frameworks and to build the necessary knowledge, skills, and attitudes to become the global citizens the world needs” (Minerva curriculum, 2019). That aside, Minerva’s stated commitment to creating better future leaders and global citizens comes alongside important obligations. First, with the direction in which the globalized and globalizing world is heading, leaders and citizens of the future will need to know how to make decisions that reach far beyond themselves and what is familiar to them. Whether through the channels of business, science, governance, media, or software engineering, the university-level students of today will, tomorrow, be designing solutions for and with people whose experiences, values, and ways of understanding are fundamentally different from their own. In many (perhaps most) cases, these others will come to the table with significantly less advantage in their background—or will not be invited to the table at all. The decision-making power structures of global society are designed in such a way that advantage typically, consciously or unconsciously, reproduces itself. Individuals born with advantages due to their class, ethnicity, or gender usually experience far fewer systemic barriers in navigating the path to powerful positions; and holding those positions grants them the opportunity to design changes (or lack thereof) to those same systems in which they succeeded. This is one feedback loop of inequality.  This is a foundational point that is not given enough credit within the institution of Minerva: that individuals within the Minerva community bring widely different backgrounds and experiences, including different levels of advantage and access to power. The school needs to take this into account for two reasons: first, to provide an equitable experience of Minerva for all students; and second, to instill values and skills that will capitalize on this unique coming- together of diverse experiences and different degrees of access.  In her paper Fair Opportunity in Education: A Democratic Equality Perspective (1995), philosopher Elizabeth Anderson makes a case for reframing the discussion of education quality and access “by shifting our focus from the good education is supposed to do for the individuals who have it to the good the more educated are supposed to do for everyone else.” (p. 596). She argues that in a democratic society, “elites” who hold positions of influence and leadership must be able and willing to effectively lead in service of the entire society, not just themselves. This requires “that elites be so constituted as to be systematically responsive to the interests and concerns of people from all walks of life.” (ibid., p. 596).  Anderson defines the advantaged as “those who systematically enjoy relatively superior access to resources, social esteem, power, and influence (including elite status) in virtue of their socially ascribed group identities.” Although theoretically designed for a national or societal scale, these categories can work at the level of international society as well, especially in light of globalization. A middle-class, white Canadian family is likely to have access to much more power, opportunity, and wealth than a middle-class family in Bangladesh. We can see that even in a globally intertwined world, these identities to some extent transcend the temporary condition of location—that is, the national political and economic system one is living under at any moment—by proposing hypothetical changes to these families’ geographic conditions. If that Bangladeshi family immigrates to Canada, they still will not automatically be ascribed the same level of power and wealth that the “native-born” Canadians have. They are likely to leave behind their middle-class status and add a new identity of “immigrant”; to live in certain, less affluent, neighborhoods; to hold lower-level jobs despite the education level they attained in their home country and send their children to subpar schools; they will be held to high standards of language fluency and may be judged as unintelligent, uncivilized, or (almost certainly) “other” by virtue of their accent and customs; and will be barred from participation in politics and perhaps even from traveling freely outside the country until or unless they attain citizenship. In contrast, a middle-class Canadian family that immigrates to Bangladesh will still benefit from the power and privilege ascribed to their nationality, and may feel its effects even more in contrast to their new context. Both the global economic and passport systems, and domestically-controlled immigration systems, ascribe superior access to resources and influence to those who are born under certain national group identities. This is all to say that despite the broader scale of international vs. intranational interactions, Anderson’s conceptions of advantaged and disadvantaged social groups is highly relevant to this discussion.  Minerva students, as attendees at a private secondary institution in the U.S., can uniformly be considered highly advantaged by the standards of much of the world, and are fairly likely to have access to elite decision-making positions at some point in their careers. However, because of the global nature of systems of advantage, this access varies from student to student. Minervans who hold a U.S. or European passport have easier means of entry to the largely Western institutions that wield disproportionate global power; Minervans who come from families of considerable financial resources, or who did not have to take out loans to support their education, have greater opportunity to choose jobs that fit their desired impact in the world rather than going to any industry or role that will help them pay off their debt or send coveted U.S. dollars home to their parents.  As defined by Anderson, the elite must be drawn from all sectors of society in order to effectively represent and lead society (p. 597). There are clear practical constraints to a truly representative sample of especially a global society, and Minerva already selects with a broader and more inclusive standard than many universities. In the admissions process, students may define their own accomplishments to supplement or replace traditional test scores and academic transcripts, and acceptance is not barred or limited (at least on the institution’s end) by nationality or race. The only universally limiting requirements for admission to Minerva are access to the Internet and fluency in English. These requirements are substantially limiting— about 20% of the world’s population speaks English, and far fewer speak it at a native level. However, there is not much Minerva can do about these barriers—at least without completely abandoning its current model and goals, which is not the solution this project is advocating.  What is in the institution’s power is to ensure that the bright, hardworking—and, crucially, lucky—students who make it to Minerva leave better prepared than before to be the best leaders they can be. This includes instilling values of representation and service, or, at the very least, of transcending stereotype and ignorance, when designing solutions that will inevitably impact communities far beyond their own. Global citizenship refers to a worldview that sees membership in society as transcending national borders, in recognition of the increasing interconnectedness of world systems (IDEAS, n.d.). Citizens have certain rights and responsibilities as members of their societies. When we see ourselves as members of a global society, these rights and responsibilities extend such that we are accountable, in some sense, to not only ourselves and our own national society but to everyone with whom we share a world. Like intercultural competence, global citizenship is a broad concept with countless definitions and a diverse literature, but frequent themes characterizing the idea of a “global citizen” include intergroup empathy (or a sense of connection with and care for those outside one’s “ingroup”); appreciation of diversity; valuing of sustainability; social justice, or the idea that all people are deserving of certain rights and equity; and a general felt moral duty to act for the betterment of the world (Blake et al., 2015).3 Essentially, if Minerva wants to truly prepare students to be global citizens, the school must approach intercultural interaction from a perspective of cocitizenship: what we owe to one another and to our global society. Students must be encouraged to develop critical and intercultural consciousness, to identify and take action on injustices, to lead with morality and intergroup empathy as well as intercultural skill. Like intercultural consciousness, global citizenship requires both intercultural competence and a sense of moral obligation.  The past, present, and future are all global. Intercultural interactions got us to where we are—through trade, imperialism, and exchanges of systems and ideas; intercultural interactions shape the present through exports and imports of politics, wealth, and media; and intercultural interactions will shape the future of problem-solving. The global past shapes the global present. The power structures put in place by imperial and colonial systems have largely lived on in modern systems of wealth and global governance. The wealth and development that today’s global powers enjoy were built largely through the exploitation of today’s poor countries and at the expense of the world’s climate (Halualani & Nakayama, 2010). One tool used in this process was the division and differentiation of humans through structures like ethnic and religious oppression. These tools and structures still leave legacies in the way we interact at both interpersonal and systemic levels, including at Minerva. As mentioned earlier, Minerva students come to this community and experience with vastly different levels of advantage. These differences range from the power of our passports and our currencies; to the social and economic positions of our families; the qualities of our previous educations and prestige of our communities; and the challenges or opportunities handed to us by virtue of our religions, skin colors, or sexualities in whatever place we have come from before this. This diversity is proof that Minerva’s admissions process is doing something right—this institution is accessible to a (fairly) wide range of people from around the world, with varying backgrounds and levels of access to social and economic power. However, it also produces an obligation: Minerva owes its students to not provide any of them a lesser experience or education based on their cultural or socioeconomic background. Of course, Minerva cannot fix global patterns of injustice, nor shelter students from its impacts. But it remains within the school’s obligation (and its interest) to do what it can not to compound on the struggles disadvantaged students face, and to make the school a safe and supportive learning environment for every student. Intercultural competence at the organizational level is part of this. The suppression or minimization of cultural difference has real, tangible, and powerful consequences for students (Chun & Evans, 2016). Lack of recognition of students’ identities and experiences adds undue stress and can make students feel as though their school does not understand or care for them. It can also erode families’ trust in their students’ institutions if the school is unable or unwilling to reach across barriers of culture or advantage. If Minerva hopes to create global citizens and leaders, the institution needs to value, exhibit, and teach morality as much as competence with regard to intercultural interactions—in short, it needs to value intercultural consciousness. At the core of my analysis is a conception of this gap between the current state, Minerva’s goal, and my proposed goal. We can characterize the current state of culture at Minerva with the following qualities, all leading to a general state of low intercultural competence:  Minerva has acknowledged the problems that have created this state and adjusted their practices and beliefs to support a goal state of intercultural competence that we could characterize like this:  I admire this progress, but believe the goal state should be adjusted (based on the above conceptual and ethical frameworks) if Minerva is truly to create leaders and global citizens and to live up to the expectations and opportunities of a 21st century education. Essentially, I propose that Minerva must strive not just for intercultural competence but for morally integrated intercultural competence—for intercultural consciousness. All this is to say: Minerva students come from the world, and will go back to the world. This seems obvious at any number of levels. Where else would people come from? Minerva students, especially, can be said to come from the world—from dozens of countries and every configuration of continents. And throughout as well as after our four years we scatter around the world again, to home countries and global rotation cities and places most of us have never heard of. But what I mean by this is that we are shaped by the structures of global history and power that also impact our politics, systems, and cultures. And, we will spend the rest of our lives interacting with those structures—ideally, making them better. To be a global citizen involves some degree of citizen’s obligation: to participate, to engage, to build. To grow a global citizen involves instilling that sense of citizenship, teaching our interconnectedness, and building a consciousness that goes beyond competence.  In the following sections, I analyze the past, present, and future of intercultural competence at Minerva to discuss how structural and systemic factors within the institution manifest in students’ relationships to one another and to the cities in the global rotation, as well as the impact of staff and organizational culture on the pedagogy of global citizenship. To grow a tree, the seed must typically first be placed in nutritious soil (I think; I am not a science major and am open to correction on this subject). However, the seed will not automatically soak in the nutrition, take root, and grow; it also requires water, carbon dioxide, and sun to facilitate this process. The soil is a necessary but not sufficient condition for growth of the tree; without the support of external forces, that soil is relatively useless to the seedling for anything but a nice resting place. Conversely, if the young tree is soaked in water through downpour after downpour, it will be so busy drowning that it will also not be able to make use of the soil, no matter how nutritious it is. A similar principle applies to intercultural development; access to diversity is a necessary (or at least supportive) but not sufficient component of holistic intercultural competence growth. Targeted education is an important supplement; additionally, if students are overwhelmed by challenge with insufficient support, they will be unable to make use of their diverse surroundings to develop the intended skills In its early years, Minerva fell into a common misconception, assuming that surrounding students with cultural diversity would inevitably lead to the holistic development of intercultural competence (Personal Interview, 2019). Research has been largely inconclusive as to whether international experiences like study abroad programs significantly impact the development of intercultural competence. Some studies have shown a positive link between study abroad and specific outcomes related to ICC—for instance, a more positive view of their host culture, or an increase in world-mindedness. However, where causal inference is possible it seems this impact is most closely linked to an increased inclination toward diverse contact; study abroad may not have any impact on students’ comfort with diverse interactions or on measures of ethnorelativism (Salisbury, 2013). This illustrates that culturally diverse experiences like an international learning environment may contribute to building some but not all components of ICC, and that more targeted educational efforts are likely required for holistic intercultural development (Gregersen-Hermans, 2015). The belief that study abroad increases intercultural competence is grounded in the contact hypothesis, or the idea that inter-group prejudice can be reduced if individuals from both groups engage in sustained interpersonal contact. This hypothesis is supported by evidence; however, there are several conditions under which contact is more likely to have a positive impact. Some of these include equal (formal and social) status during contact; collaboration toward a shared goal; the support of authority figures; and the opportunity to develop a level of intimacy deep enough to counter pre-existing stereotypes (Salisbury, 2013). However, under other conditions contact can increase prejudice. If Minerva is to successfully facilitate students’ growth into global citizens, the school must do the work to create healthy conditions for intercultural development; that is, to make the contact hypothesis true for students’ specific context. Minerva is especially susceptible to the mythology of osmosis because of the perceived intercultural exceptionalism of a student body that signed up to spend 4 years traveling the world. Throughout my interviews, I noticed a prevailing attitude among Minerva students and staff that the nature of Minerva students as a self-selecting group makes the community largely immune from challenges of prejudice, lack of cultural curiosity, and ethnocentrism. As a member of the Class of 2021 told me: However, Although Minerva students are more likely than the general population to have had previous experiences with international living and tend to be—to some extent—open-minded and curious by virtue of choosing this institution, these characteristics alone do not equate to intercultural competence or consciousness. A consequence of Minerva’s lack of targeted pedagogy for ICC development is that students in the classes of 2019-2022 describe their education on intercultural competence at Minerva mostly in terms of one-off events—presentations or workshops during Foundation Week and various Elevations, led mostly by members of the Student Experience and Student Affairs staff. Often, these events were in response to intercultural conflict arising in the community, rather than introduced by default as a preventative or foundational education. Sustained engagement with ideas about culture have tended to focus on surface-level aspects of cultural identity and difference. The weekly Sunday tradition of 10:01s, where students from one cultural or national group prepare food and informational presentations or activities for their classmates, has been the only structured space at Minerva where students explicitly discuss where they come from. Discussion of culture at 10:01s tends to be limited to relatively superficial elements of culture such as traditional dance, demographic and political data, and, often most centrally, food. The events are facilitated by students and typically take a more presentational than interactive or discussion-based format. Attendance at 10:01s is not mandatory and tends to drop off following the first year, especially among certain (often culturally segregated) social groups. For the classes of 2019-2022, these events have been the only spaces at Minerva where students are provided with a structure to study and discuss one another’s background and cultural context.  In 2018, Minerva introduced the Integrated Learning Outcomes (ILOs) for the purpose of providing a “holistic, cross-contextual framework” for student development in a variety of areas of intellectual, personal, professional, and interpersonal growth. These learning outcomes were designed over many months of targeted work by staff from a variety of Minerva teams for the purpose of unifying goals across the institution, as well as guiding and assessing growth progress on many possible areas of students’ development. The ILO focused on “Global and Cultural Dexterity” was the first time a targeted learning goal around intercultural competence (or a similar idea) was officially expressed at Minerva. But the ILO was not based in research on ICC, and its stated goals and assessment processes were too inconsistent to be really useful for students. At the time it was presented to students in Seoul, London, and Buenos Aires, Minerva’s Global and Cultural Dexterity ILO was limited in both scope and implementation. That version of the Learning Outcome centered around predominantly superficial or self-serving engagement with the global rotation and community, including finding essential resources in the city and adhering to basic local professional and social norms. There was a distinct lack of transparent intentionality around the definitions of “cultural dexterity” and even around the choice of the term itself; as discussed in an earlier section, the term “cultural dexterity” is rarely used in ICC and related fields of literature. The word “dexterity” has a connotation of quickness, of flexibility and agility. Coupled with the definition of the ILO, this manifested in an expressed understanding of intercultural skills in relation to a context of superficiality. The fact that “cultural/global dexterity” is most often used in the context of business implied that Minerva approaches ICC from a lens of preparing students to make cross-cultural business deals or attend global conferences, and the definitions and assessments in the ILO support this. One could reach a 5—“mastery” level—on the ILO rubric by functioning well on an international business trip where the goal is to extract a benefit from the other party, and ICC is a requirement simply to ease that process by not offending anyone along the way. This view risks detaching the development of intercultural competence skills from the morality of applying them, which is one surefire way to limit the authenticity of intercultural interaction and curtail effective long-term collaboration; certainly it does not reflect a critical understanding of the power structures and contexts involved in intercultural engagement. The standards of the ILO may have assessed students’ ability to survive relatively successfully in the challenge of the global rotation, but it did not assess the values or responsibilities of true global citizenship. Overall, the “Global and Cultural Dexterity” ILO expressed a flawed institutional view of both the goals and constituent elements of intercultural competence. In moving beyond it to build the ICC course, Minerva staff have recognized the superficiality of the ILO but have not necessarily questioned the values and assumptions behind it. It’s helpful to apply this cartoon (adapted from a joke made famous by David Foster Wallace) to our views of our own cultural systems, values, and knowledge structures, with which we are so deeply surrounded we rarely notice they are there. It is often only when we leave our local waters that we become aware of their unique properties; however, that means when we host newcomers in our cultural context we may not automatically know how to prepare or support them through the change. Despite having a large majority of non-U.S. students, staff and administration clarify in increasingly certain terms that Minerva is an American institution, based in the U.S. and on predominantly American systems and values. Only recently has the school engaged with pedagogy about the details of those systems and values, through the culture mapping aspect of the profile as well as the curriculum designed to prepare students for San Francisco. For students and staff to understand the American values ingrained in Minerva’s model is an important step to developing both organizational and individual cultural self-awareness. It can be difficult to identify the shared values and belief systems that form the base of a culture, especially for those within the culture and especially when the culture creates and exports dominant narratives, as the U.S. does. However renowned intercultural expert and trainer L. Robert Kohls (1984) identified 13 values which define Americans’ worldviews and choices and which each have certain drawbacks, despite also having contributed to the U.S.’ significant record of technological achievement and innovation.6 In brief, and as written to educate foreigners visiting the U.S., these are: Anyone familiar with Minerva’s model may be able to easily identify certain fundamental aspects of the institution as closely linked to these values, beginning with the founding ideas of fundamentally changing higher education to create a better future by building a practical, active education open to all. The fact that every Minerva student has chosen to attend this institution likely means they resonate with at least some of Minerva’s expressed values (such as the value on change and progress), but many of these beliefs will still be non-obvious, confusing, or contradictory to a large number of students and staff, not to mention families. It is not a problem that Minerva holds these values; the difficulty is in a lack of awareness of the institution’s deep American-ness. This can create dynamics of exclusion and othering of students who come from very different contexts or who do not easily conform to American values. In one well-remembered instance from early in the Class of 2020’s first year, a member of staff gave students a stern and heated lecture about arriving late to events, which the staff member interpreted as rudeness and lack of consideration. The students, many of whom had trickled into the room casually 10 or 15 minutes after the supposed start of the event, were stunned (Personal Interview, 2020). A large number of them were from countries where arriving later than the agreed-upon time is not considered disrespectful but a normal part of a plan (J. Bennett, 2015). The staff’s lack of understanding for the significant shift in customs students were experiencing in their first few days in San Francisco illustrates the educational and relational cost of ethnocentrism. Rather than preemptively re-setting expectations based on U.S. standards of punctuality and creating a safe space for students to learn and adjust in the new context, the staff members publicly shamed students and assumed their negative intent (lack of respect) based on the staff’s own cultural context. A culture of ethnorelativism in the institution might have prompted staff members to first consider how their assumptions about the relationship between punctuality and rudeness relate to American valuations of time, and then to place students’ lateness in a context relative to their own rather than the U.S. culture. This would not mean Minerva could never set an expectation of punctuality, but rather that such an expectation must be introduced explicitly to students (and placed in cultural context) at the beginning, rather than assumed. In any education context, staff and faculty build the models that frame student experience, as well as serving as role models for student behavior and skill-building. Staff should be advocates for the importance of ICC and should, to the greatest extent possible, exhibit the kind of skills and sensitivity that students are expected to develop. This is not only essential for student success in ICC, but also for building a safe, equitable, and supportive educational space for all students regardless of culture. Below, I highlight the impact that staff in many areas of the institution have on students and on Minerva’s overall organizational level of intercultural consciousness, including both the benefits of a diverse and interculturally competent team and the drawbacks of falling short. Faculty: Faculty design and facilitate the academic learning experience that makes up likely the most substantial part of both students’ time and outcomes at Minerva. Their impact on students is far-reaching; it includes everything from building the curricula that shape students’ perception of their fields, to helping students find their own place in those fields through access to professional connections and references. Achieving a culturally equitable institution requires acknowledging that faculty diversity matters not just for ideological diversity but also for student experience and achievement; studies in a variety of educational levels and contexts have reported a link between students’ academic performance and their access to teachers that look like or relate to them (Davis & Fry, 2019). Ground staff: Ground staff are students’ direct contacts for most day-to-day issues, as well as their first and most structured window into a city. The perspective that staff from the Student Affairs and Operations (SAO) and Student Experience (SXP) teams display about a rotation city can have a significant impact on students’ experience of the place. A staff member who is familiar and comfortable in the city, who is able and willing to refer students to both local and expat communities and businesses, and who is passionate about the city/country and its culture can help students feel at ease and excited to immerse in the community. A staff member who keeps an excessively professional distance from students; who degrades the city, country, or culture they represent; or who cannot empathize with both outsider and insider experiences of the city is substantially less able to play this crucial host role. Most of all, ground staff need to be able to “code switch” between the predominantly American working style of the institution and HQ, and the local culture of the city, including partners, building staff, etc. The most effective ground staff at Minerva have also been able and willing to explain political, social, and historical context to students—but this would perhaps be less important to that role if there were other infrastructure in place for students to gain such an understanding. Administrators: Administration, and particularly the Senior Team, largely defines Minerva’s values, priorities, and positions—to the extent that (as mentioned at the beginning of the paper) when students and staff refer to “Minerva” they are usually equating the institution in abstract with the beliefs and actions of high-level administrators. Intercultural competence at the highest level of decision-making, then, sends perhaps the most important and far-reaching message about both how the school views ICC, and how or whether it values students’ cultures, experiences, and backgrounds. Coaching and Professional Development: One fundamental role of coaches is to define and teach the basics of employability; another is to connect students to opportunities that will support their desired impact and career growth. In an institution where students are both coming from and looking to work around the world, an ethnorelative framework is essential for both these tasks. Coaches must be able to understand the cultural differences in hiring practices and work skills and be wary of recommending one-size-fits-all approaches to the job search— for instance, confidently presenting accomplishments is often valued in a U.S. interview process but may be considered uncomfortable or immodest in Japan. A student from a culture that communicates directly may have less trouble adapting to the former approach but struggle with the latter; and vice-versa for a student coming from an indirect culture. At Minerva, coaches must be empathetic and helpful to both. Members of the professional development team also need to effectively build networks with organizations and companies in regions around the world in order to serve students equally, which requires both a priority and a competence around intercultural connection. The team must build networks everywhere from Lagos to Silicon Valley and in fields from finance to the arts in order to meet the needs of a diverse and ambitious student body. Admissions: Minerva’s international student community is more a byproduct of the institution’s “meritocratic” approach to admissions than a goal in itself. Minerva has a global student body largely because it provides more financial and admissions accessibility to international students than most U.S. universities; that is, the diversity is a result rather than a driving factor of Minerva’s strategic policies. A resulting factor of Minerva’s commitment to “meritocracy” over diversity—or the idea that anyone qualified can get into the school regardless of nationality or background—is that the institution doesn’t seek out diversity and in fact is often unintentionally exclusive of it. Because Minerva is a close-knit and developing institution, even staff who are not explicitly student-facing play a framing, connecting, and modeling role for students. Staff who are effective in this exhibit empathy and curiosity, and send a message to students that they and their backgrounds are valued and understood. However, when staff are ineffective, they can model ethnocentric perspectives and behavior or send powerful messages to students about they or their culture’s belonging in the institution. And the problem is not only that Minerva staff tend to bring an American cultural perspective; they also tend to bring a very limited, internally hegemonic (that is, white, upper-class) American cultural perspective. One student told me about a conversation she overheard in which staff members modeled ethnocentrism and a lack of intercultural competence: To a student with experience seeing the world through frameworks of (U.S.- based) race and class, this interaction tells a clear story of privilege— how individuals at ethnocentric stages of development and within a privileged subculture can unconsciously exhibit model ignorance and disrespect to others. In this kitchen conversation, staff members served as an example of how elite tech culture in San Francisco can be out of touch with other subcultures of the U.S.—coding a less wealthy city as “shithole” to the chagrin of a local from a different class experience. To someone watching without any of the historical and sociopolitical context that informs the interaction, however, many of those layers are lost. For many students, staff provide the first and strongest link to information and context about the U.S.; when they members of staff pass judgment on aspects of the U.S. in ways that come from privileged or highly specific perspectives, they model an incomplete and problematic view of the country to students who may not have access to alternative experiences. Minerva’s mistaken assumption that organic student interaction would inevitably lead to was in part a failure to consider some basic processes of complex systems, in particular the phenomenon of emergence. When left to themselves without the guidance of the institution on matters of intercultural engagement, students do what is easiest for them. For a student is dropped in a new country, in a new community, with the sudden expectations of a rigorous university—not to mention basic mandates of adulthood like budgeting, grocery shopping, and working to pay tuition—the past of least resistance is self-segregation. Let’s imagine hypothetical Minerva first-year Lucas is in the U.S. for the first time (besides a family trip to New York or Washington, D.C. when he was much younger); perhaps this is his first time living in a big city and with classmates who have different expectations of social norms and opposing ideologies to the ones with which he grew up; perhaps it is the first time Lucas is surrounded by a language that is not his native one, and expected not only to write essays and read advanced articles in English for class, but to function in it constantly; he  speaks to grocery store clerks in English, negotiates roommate rules in English, and build relationships with his new classmates in English. Besides calls home to his family (which quickly transition from every couple of days to every couple of weeks as Lucas’ academic and co-curricular schedule intensify and it gets harder to navigate the time difference with the constraints of his new life at Minerva), Lucas is surrounded by people who do not understand, at even a basic cultural level, where he is from or all that he has known up to this point. The closest he can get to a point of mutual understanding, much less ease of understanding, is to connect with other members of the Minerva community who are going through the same thing from (approximately) the same place he is. That is, he chooses to spend his time with people who remind him of home; people with whom he can speak his native language or at least not worry about the quality of his English; people who share his cultural norms and assumptions or who can relate to the newness of these ones. Now consider that all of Minerva—at least a substantial majority—is made up of students like Lucas. If each of them takes the path of least resistance, it is easy to tell how many Minerva classes quickly end up with easily definable “groups” made up of students from various cultural origins. It is not abnormal in at least some classes at Minerva to refer to their own or other students’ friend groups in geographic terms—and while in another context language like this might seem uncomfortable at best, within the Minerva social sphere it is primarily descriptive: “She’s hanging out with the Asians tonight”; “Did you hear what happened in the Brazilian group chat?”; “I think it’s mostly Americans who are going to that event.” While no student or staff member at Minerva intends to create a social community segregated by nationality or continental origin, when individual students make the social choices that are easiest for them within a context that puts on a myriad of other pressures, a segregated community is the result. Ask any Minerva student why they choose to spend time with people from a similar cultural background, and they’ll typically say something like “Because it’s easier.” But when everyone makes their easiest choice to we end up with a collective problem: the emergence of a community that is, at best, not reaching its full potential for cross-cultural interaction and learning, and, at worst, creating lines of exclusivity and distrust that harm students at the identity level and contribute to greater patterns of power inequity in global society. Contact theory tells us that relationships can be a powerful way to break down prejudices and inspire action on the behalf of different “others”; however, these relationships have more potential for  change if they are close, and the current pattern of self-segregation at Minerva threatens to undermine the high potential in the community for contact to transform into future change. This pattern becomes even clearer to understand when we take into account that students are also dealing with preconceived notions of one another, and, complementarily, others’ preconceived notions of themselves. Minerva students don’t come in a blank slate of cultural knowledge; they bring with them a lifetime of stereotypes and biases from their communities, education, and media. Despite the general openness and curiosity with which Minerva students apply and enter the school, they may subconsciously be predisposed toward judgment or suspicion of students from some countries, to curiosity or exoticism toward others. And after dealing with even one instance of lack of understanding from other students regarding one’s cultural background, home, and beliefs, a student may become even less motivated to continue taking steps to connect with people who may just seem judgmental and uncaring.  In November of 2019, the world watched—and several Minervans watched up-close—as Hong Kong took to the streets in defense of democracy. Thousands of protesters, many of them students, fought back against increasingly Beijing-friendly policies and a concern for the region’s potential loss of democratic freedoms. This sparked another uproar, one specific to the Minerva community and largely limited to the platform of a cross-class Facebook group. When a student from Hong Kong posted about the protests, multiple students from mainland China pushed back on some of the wording and ideas in the post and the comments. They argued against directing blame toward the Chinese government and in favor of a more balanced view of wrongdoings by the protesters; the way that other (mostly non-Chinese) students responded to this continued to sow distrust and disrespect on both sides. Chinese students accused their peers of discrimination and one-sidedness and were in turn accused of being brainwashed, irrational, and inconsiderate. The Chinese students expressed feeling written off, stereotyped, and unwelcome. Minerva isn’t the only U.S. university where Chinese students have sensed an unwelcoming space. The drastic difference between Chinese culture and values and those of the U.S.—the two countries are at almost opposite ends of every commonly-mapped dimension of culture—means that it can be difficult for students from the different cultures to understand each other, at least at first. The high American value on freedom, autonomy, and democracy is not shared by the Chinese government or many of its people. Additionally, Chinese and Western media tend to tell very different stories about social and political issues. In many Western universities, Chinese international students self-segregate out of a sense of discomfort with the ideological assumptions and ignorance of their culture in the wider student body (Cui, 2013). Despite its much larger international community, this pattern is present at Minerva too. One Chinese student spoke to me about the frustration she feels living in a social and academic context where ideologies like democracy are taken for granted:  Minerva’s student community exists as much online as off, and often when important and culturally charged topics are discussed the dialogue (or conflict) occurs across a keyboard or social media platform. Minerva has not yet built structures into its model for acknowledging and resolving these kinds of conflicts, or for bringing them offline. But what happens on Facebook doesn’t stay on Facebook; tensions that emerge in social media groups or on students’ private pages can lead to distrust and division, often prompting students to retreat into safer (typically, similar) subgroups, which further decreases intimate intercultural interactions and contributes to a feedback loop of division, self-segregation, and disconnection. Organizational and individual levels of intercultural competence clearly impact students not only in their community interaction but also their interaction with the global rotation cities. Effective and ethical engagement with the rotation requires that students have access to deep and significant background knowledge about the places they will live, as well as training to talk about frameworks that impact those places’ histories, identities, and politics. Minerva’s frameworks for each global rotation city should emphasize what students can learn from the city both as a model for what can be and as a site of complex challenges. This is the point of the “Global Arcs”—themes and frames designated to facilitate learning in each rotation city—but has not been consistently used in practice. Emphasizing personal reflection and history—values closer to the humanities where Minerva typically endorses the “takeaction” mentality of the tech and business worlds—is essential for building competence and consciousness through the global rotation. Providing students with space to examine their preexisting notions of rotation cities (and the associations those cities might have toward them); focusing on the “learning” rather than just the “doing” aspects of civic projects; and hosting conversations and learning about not just the current cultural context of a country but also its history and students’ relationships to that history; are all steps Minerva can take to build ensure the global rotation serves as a meaningful (and ethical) learning experience for students. Teaching (and modeling) students to lead with humility in their engagement with rotation cities is a critical part of building global citizenship and intercultural consciousness.  Historically, Minerva has expressed a relatively hegemonic, U.S.-centric worldview. A staff and administration largely made up of white Americans, no matter their goals or intentions, inherently leads to some blind spots. Prior to receiving feedback from substantial numbers of upperclassmen regarding their time in San Francisco, Minerva tended to treat the first year in the U.S. as culturally “neutral,” something separate from the global rotation cities of second year and beyond. Many students I interviewed agreed on this—they couldn’t remember receiving a targeted education on the cultural norms and expectations of the United States. As most students have previously been exposed to American media (like many around the world, due largely to the United States’ global position in setting cultural hegemony), it is easy to assume that experience watching  American movies or studying the U.S. in primary and secondary school would be enough to prepare non-U.S. students for their experience in San Francisco. Additionally, many students and staff, especially those from the U.S., see the American (and particularly Californian) ethos of openness and diversity as a sort of cultural neutrality.  However, it isn’t that simple. The United States is not culturally neutral, nor does San Francisco’s international diversity negate its culture. As a result of Minerva’s failure to consider San Francisco as a culturally distinct and non-neutral city in the global rotation, many students were not prepared for or supported in their experience and culture shock there. I sent out a call for experiences with culture shock in San Francisco and received a deluge of responses, including some from Americans. These included everything from the presence of poverty, to the Folsom Street Fair, to the large stock of medicines sold in grocery stores: Over the last year, as part of developing targeted intercultural competence pedagogy, and following feedback from the Class of 2019, Minerva added significantly more introduction to the U.S. in recognition that being an American institution does not mean the school can assume students will enter their first year prepared for the country’s cultural context—and that the diversity and openness of San Francisco are, in themselves, non-neutral cultural elements. As a result, part of the for-credit ICC course piloted in the Class of 2023 is a set of readings and videos about the cultural context of the U.S. It’s designed to facilitate international students’ learning about their new home and help guide them through culture shock, as well as to prompt reflection and self-awareness for American students. These readings, which students are expected to complete before they move into the city in August, cover predominantly “fast facts” and history about the United States and San Francisco, as well as cultural communication styles, societal beliefs, and, to some extent, current cultural and political tensions. Resources like these will become part of each rotation city’s ICC curriculum. As the San Francisco curriculum is the only one finished at this point, I review it here as an example of the issues and questions we should be concerned with in each city (additionally, I only have indepth knowledge about the U.S. and so would require a much broader scope of research to provide reviews and recommendations about resources for other cities). Some of the U.S. ICC resources are useful and interesting; others, less so. There is a book designed for newcomers to the United States to study its cultural patterns and beliefs, which, although it occasionally uses considerably outdated language, provides a valuable perspective both for international and American students on the cultural context and communication styles of people from the United States. This student’s experience illustrates the importance of differentiating between city, country, and region in preparing students for the global rotation (similarly, many students expressed concerns that their peers equated their semester in Hyderabad with a comprehensive understanding of what it is like to live in India—one of the largest and most diverse countries in the world). The new curriculum’s readings specifically focusing on San Francisco are extremely limited. There’s a 5-minute animated video summarizing the city’s history, which leaves out some crucial elements—like San Francisco’s importance to the gay rights movement—and controversially frames the city primarily as a technological and financial center rather than a historical hub of culture, counter-culture, and revolution. The “fast facts” sheet is the only internally-designed resource on the list (and, presumably, a format that will be repeated for other cities in the rotation). It also looks to be the least intentionally prepared aspect of the curriculum, presenting an incomplete and arbitrary series of categories for information. It includes an overview of the political system and broad economic positions of the two major parties, but excludes their current power… ; it includes names of every major Bay Area professional sports team, but excludes any context about which sports are considered relevant and how Americans engage with them; the “Economy” section includes the names of major companies but nothing about the overarching state or scale of the economy. Most surprising, the fact sheet includes a detailed section on major religions in the U.S. (which includes the simplistic and increasingly questionable claim that “religious prejudice is rare in America,” especially given that another resource for the course tells the story of an anti-Muslim hate crime), but the document excludes any mention of race beyond an ethnic demographic breakdown of the population of San Francisco.  It is this stubborn erasure of race as a driving factor in U.S. history, society, and culture that has been most frustrating and concerning in Minerva’s introduction of the country to international students. Students begin their semester in San Francisco with a broad diversity of experiences behind them. Some are from urban areas in countries with racially diverse populations, or have already been members of international communities such as UWC; others are coming from ethnically homogenous communities or societies. Some have never been exposed to the United States’ complicated and unique racial frameworks; others (like me) grew up with race as a defining factor of identity, community, and everyday life. All bring preexisting awareness, biases, and assumptions related to the role race or ethnicity plays (or does not play) in their own country and in the United States.  Students do not come in a “blank slate” around issues of race and culture. Even if they come from outside a U.S. racial framework, young adults have almost inevitably been exposed to U.S.-style or other forms of racism, through their own cultural backgrounds and the dissemination of American media and ideologies. Many international students grew up learning about the U.S. through American media, in which black Americans are often portrayed as unintelligent, impoverished, and/or criminal in opposition to white Americans’ intelligence, power, and heroism; these racialized images can impact the mental models of international students just as they do Americans, and will only likely be changed through positive, real-life contact (Ritter, 2016). Minerva students are not immune to this. When asked about culture shock in the U.S., one student described how his shuttle driver from the airport in his first hours in San Francisco was the first black person he’d interacted with: This student’s quote reflects on the reflection, time, and contact it took him to deconstruct racialized hierarchies whose origins he couldn’t even source. But his consciousness of these biases and effort to undo them comes from him, not from any structured effort on Minerva’s part. Upon entering the U.S., international students not only may be engaging with new dimensions of diversity, they are also becoming part of the American racial framework, some for the first time. Many students come from countries that are largely ethnically or racially homogenous; often, it is only when a student comes to the U.S., to Minerva, that their “race” becomes relevant to how others see them and how they see themselves (Loo, 2019) The United States’ fraught and painful history with the social construct of race has made it an inescapable framework for how Americans view identity and culture. The American view of racial hierarchy is rooted in white Europeans’ enslavement of Africans, colonization of Native Americans, and marginalization and exclusion of Asian and Latino immigrants. Today, these histories impact how systems are structured; how Americans read people and interactions; and how opportunities for upward mobility are allocated (Fries-Britt et al., 2014). As soon as they get to the U.S., Minervans will typically be interpreted by locals within the context of U.S. racial frameworks. Black students from Africa or the Caribbean may initially be read as African-American; students from South America will likely be considered Hispanic or Latino regardless of how they identify the color of their skin (Loo, 2019). Most Minerva students come from privileged ethnic and/or socioeconomic groups in their home countries. For students of color (that term in itself a foreign concept to many Minervans), the transition from privilege to being considered part of a “minority” can create confusion that compounds on the discomfort of any discrimination they face in the U.S. Fries-Britt et al. report on this process of racialization for international students of color in the U.S.: “During interviews, students described encounters that were catalysts for examining their race in the U.S. context. They shared a number of examples from their experiences in the classroom with peers and faculty, being pulled over by police on campus, being called the “N” word, and responding to comments about their hairstyles and dress.” (p. 6) Experts recommend providing comprehensive and sustained education about the racial framework, context, and history of the U.S. in order to address international students’ (often unconscious) preconceived notions and to prepare them for the American context (Loo, 2019). Discussing the framework of race in the first two semesters of the ICC course could not only help students understand and adjust to life in the United States but also practice analyzing and contextualizing intercultural interactions through locally relevant frameworks, a skill that would serve them throughout the global rotation and into their future careers. In explaining why the U.S. history part of the ICC curriculum only stretched back through the last century, a member of faculty described how “We’re not teaching [students] about the Civil War, because they’re living in America now.” There is a conception among staff that the long history of rotation countries is less relevant, so historical materials tend to focus on the late 20th century through the present day, despite the critical impact that a country’s origins and national stories have on its modern identity and ethos. Scholars have, indeed, traced the current voting patterns of Southern Americans—precinct-by-precinct—back to the antebellum South (Acharya, et al., 2018). That is, the Civil War is America now, just as colonialism is India now. Ignoring the present-day impact of history on global rotation cities and countries is one way in which Minerva undervalues humanities knowledge and fails to educate students on the complex legacy of interactions that create the systems in which they live, work, and travel. In almost every conversation I had with students from the classes of M19-M21, the Hyderabad semester came up as an example of primarily poor student engagement with a host city and country. Many students I spoke to were disappointed in how they or their classmates had been introduced to the city as well as how Minerva students had behaved while there. In almost every conversation I had with students from the classes of M19-M21, the Hyderabad semester came up as an example of primarily poor student engagement with a host city and country. Many students I spoke to were disappointed in how they or their classmates had been introduced to the city as well as how Minerva students had behaved while there. This kind of behavior should not be acceptable within the culture or community of Minerva. We are guests who come into a new city and country with limited long-term investment in the place, and at no point is that more clear than when students from privileged countries or background, who have seen their homes and experiences consistently reflected in the norms of development and globalization, denigrate cultural difference instead of adapting to it. Unfortunately, we learned from our teachers. Minerva students heard administrators and ground staff degrade Indian culture and society under the guise of “preparing” us for months before anyone actually landed at the Hyderabad International Airport. The opening to the first Elevation in Hyderabad was a speech from a staff member warning students to bring toilet paper with them, and many of the sessions immediately following were a crash course to the young women of Minerva on how to deal with the stares of Indian men. However, the problem is compounded by the complex power dynamic of being an American institution in an Indian context. That Minerva sends students from one of the most expensive cities in a wealthy, developed nation to a city and country with widespread poverty and a history of colonialism means that the school and its students are constantly navigating a complex dynamic of power, privilege, and wealth. Although students’ most substantive interactions tended to stay within wealthier “urban elite” neighborhoods and communities in Hyderabad, their daily interactions with auto drivers, vendors, and other locals from diverse sectors of the city come alongside complicated social, historical, and cultural contexts. So far, Minerva hasn’t provided a space for students to discuss and examine the roles they play in these contexts.9 The diversity within the student body presents added complexity: for some students, India as a “developing” country is the most different-from-home place they’ve ever been; for others, it is the closest place in the rotation to home—or it is home. In perhaps the most extreme departure from the non-introduction to U.S. culture, framing for Hyderabad tended to ignore student diversity and prepared everyone for a “new,” “different,” and “challenging” context with the effect of “othering” students who did not share this experience. Students who worked on the SXP team in Hyderabad the summer before the city’s pilot semester were surprised and frustrated to find that many of the resources, connections, and framings they had developed for the city were not used once students actually arrived in January. Instead, resources and frameworks for helping students understand the strengths and complex evolutions of Hyderabad and India more broadly, as well as the impact of colonialism on the country and region, were largely missing in favor of a vague nod to “jugaad,” or innovation in chaos. This problem has seemingly only magnified with each new class. The challenges the Class of 2021 faced in their Hyderabad semester—which many students attributed to a lack of programming or partnerships to provide context and involvement in the city—were widely discussed on Facebook and in the few other cross-class communication mechanisms students use to share information. The anti-Hyderabad sentiment among that class has been so powerfully disseminated that the class of 2022, in beginning their Hyderabad semester, seem to almost expect a negative experience of the city (Minerva Quest, 2020). When Minerva was able to connect students with civic projects and partners, there was a pattern among those participating to express dissatisfaction with the roles and support work partners had identified as helpful. Students wanted to do more than “grunt work” in their civic projects—they wanted to use and grow hard skills, contribute at high levels of the work, and solve problems for the local organizations (Personal Interview, 2020). Although this was framed as wanting to “contribute more” to the partners’ projects and organizations, it echoed narratives of “white saviorism”, wherein (often untrained) Western outsiders to a developing country assume they, rather than local experts, uniquely possess the skills and solutions needed to solve local problems (Bandyopadhyay, 2019). This also reinforces Minerva’s extractionist view of intercultural interaction, where the priority in partnerships and projects seems to be giving a boost to students’ resumes rather than providing an extra hand for partners’ work. It is this type of one-sided engagement and savior complex that has led to criticisms that international education programs like study abroad can unconsciously re-enact patterns of colonialism and exploitation of communities in developing countries (Sharpe, 2015). On the other hand, targeted development of critical and intercultural consciousness for this context can help students understand and dismantle these patterns by making aware and ethical choices with respect to their work and place in the world (and in their temporary homes). Several Minerva students reported how they or their classmates circumvented or “protested” Indian cultural customs, behaving according to their own cultural norms when they had been informed (or should have been able to easily infer) how it was inappropriate to do so. For instance, some students chose not to follow cultural norms of modest dress and engaged in public displays of affection, even in religious spaces such as temples. These students often expressed their frustration with India’s “purity culture” or “culture of sexism,” choosing not to engage with the wide theoretical basis of Indian feminism in favor of imported feminist theories from their own cultures. An ethnorelative paradigm does not require one to agree with all values or norms of all cultures; however, it does involve seeing those cultural values as complex and contextual. It is important for students to learn about historical and political dynamics affecting their relationship with a country so as to be able to intentionally and consciously engage with those dynamics. For instance, when discussing the safety of women or queer people in Hyderabad, Minerva should help students contextualize the British colonial origins of anti-LGBTQ prejudice, or the historical implications of narratives describing the danger Indian men pose to foreign women (Teo, 2004). Otherwise, the school risks furthering dangerous stories about Western superiority in opposition to an immoral non-Western “other” and the idea that people, especially women, from these undeveloped societies are in need of outsiders’ rescuing. At the very least, students should be informed of the current events impacting the global rotation city, country, or region. One clear example of this takes place currently, in the spring of 2020, as Delhi has been rocked by Hindu nationalist violence and riots. A student from India described to me the discomfort and pain she felt watching members of the class of 2022 post on social media about traveling in Delhi and their excitement for the upcoming Holi festival. Watching non-Indian Minervans celebrate the digestible, fun, and “exotic” parts of Indian and Hindu cultures while ignoring complex and painful current events felt like a slap in the face. If not to learn about these tensions and challenges—to really learn, in ways that are uncomfortable and challenging and lead to more questions than answers, why even go to Hyderabad? For the cheap biryani? The colorful powders? The high-potential startups? Without historical and political awareness, none of these will magically transform students into interculturally conscious leaders or citizens. When the class of 2019 graduated, Minerva held several listening sessions to collect and synthesize their feedback and experience. Intercultural competence arose over and over again as a theme for further development (Personal Interview, 2019). Students brought up feelings that their engagement with the cities was too superficial or that they did not feel they reached the full potential of learning within a globally diverse student body. Following the feedback from the first alumni, there was, for the first time, a significant drive among members of Minerva’s senior administration to address the issue of intercultural competence. Individual staff members with influence at the highest levels of Minerva took the time and energy to dive into researching ICC—consulting experts, reading literature, and building a strategic plan for evolving Minerva’s pedagogy on culture. The foundational shift in Minerva’s focus on ICC occurred when core staff took an interest in studying and developing the pedagogy. The fact that individual staff members were so influential in this process speaks to the crucial importance of hiring and retaining—and listening to—staff from diverse cultural and disciplinary backgrounds: projects that have advocates get done.  Minerva’s current iteration of ICC moved past the old ILO rubric of self-assessment, in large part based on a general research conclusion in the literature that people consistently overestimate their competence when it comes to intercultural issues (Personal Interview, 2019). For this reason, self-assessment is a much less reliable way to mark progress along goals of intercultural development. The ILO in particular also set a non-research-based (and quite low) bar for intercultural competence—a student could use the fact that they regularly leave their Buenos Aires apartment to buy churros down the street and thank the cashier in Spanish as justification for a high self-assessment. In recognition of these shortcomings, the new ICC pedagogy makes use of two types of assessments: one evaluating intercultural competence as a skill set and another mapping an individual student’s disposition along continuums of several cultural variables. The first of these is the Intercultural Effectiveness Scale (IES) and the second, the GlobeSmart Profile (GSP). Both were bought from the same company—Aperion Global— although initially developed by different companies. The fact that the company markets itself  primarily to businesses is indicative of Minerva’s continuous use of a primarily businessfocused, U.S.-centric lens for intercultural development. The Intercultural Development Inventory (IDI) uses an adapted version of the DMIS and so measures development rather than characteristics or components. For the context of Minerva, I support the IDI rather than the IES for a variety of reasons. First of all, the IDI has been more broadly used and validated than the IES, including in a broader variety of contexts (IDI, 2020) (Kozai, n.d.). It measures cultural skills with more subtlety and employs fewer questions that call for subjective self-assessment, which allows for smaller amounts of bias in test results. Secondly, the language of the IDI explicitly supports a growth mindset, discussing where people are in their cultural development rather than what kind of person they are with regard to seemingly fixed traits related to ICC. Certain aspects of the IES assessment don’t appear to address meaningful components of intercultural consciousness or ethnorelativism.  For instance, the “World Orientation” component assesses interest in “other cultures and the people who live in them” (IES Report, 2019). An individual may be extremely curious about other cultures and seek out movies or histories of them without ever stepping outside their own cultural framework to do so. Exposure to information about foreign cultures does not equate to a deep understanding of cultural differences or intercultural dynamics. It certainly does not equate to a way of viewing the world that takes into consideration alternative cultural experiences and ways of knowing; most of all, it does not account for the relationships between cultures and never allows for a culture to become less “foreign.” It also posits the idea that knowledge of a “foreign” culture is the same as (or required for) competence. Similarly, the “Positive Regard” component is meant to assess an individual’s propensity to negative stereotypes. But stereotypes are often deeply ingrained and culturally taught, not consciously built (and positive stereotypes can be just as harmful as negative ones). This also measures whether the test-taker “naturally assume(s) people are trustworthy, hardworking and generally good”—traits which seem arbitrarily selected and culturally non-neutral in themselves.  Doubtless, these attributes are all important, including for developing an open-minded and culturally curious intentionality, but they do not necessarily function the way the test claims them to. The response from Minerva staff to the challenge of intercultural competence has been to develop a mandatory, for-credit course that all students must take throughout their time at Minerva. This course is the primary means for the organization to ensure that future Minervans, starting with the class of 2023, have a more complete education in intercultural competence than their predecessors. That Minerva chose for its new ICC pedagogy to be integrated into the academic program is a mark of how critical it finds this aspect of education to be. The course (the first semester of which, technically titled Intercultural Competency I: Managing Complexity of a Global World, is abbreviated IL91) has been described to first-years as: “An 8-semester curriculum, which prepares students for effective citizenship in a diverse multicultural society by helping students to recognize new perspectives about their own cultural norms and biases and to build the intercultural competencies required for full global citizenship” (IL91 Course Description, 2019). In an attempt to balance the critical importance of structured ICC education with the already extensive demands on first-year students adjusting to life in San Francisco, IL91 and each of the following semesters are limited to about 23 hours of work each, much of which can be completed before the semester starts. The course is graded on a pass/no pass basis, and is designed to hold students accountable to completion without adding excessive pressure. The class doesn’t meet on the Forum, but includes a 3.5-hour session in-person during Foundation Week (with required pre-class work); three city co-curriculars; short assignments on local history, art, and music; and an in-person reflection at semester’s end. The course material for the first semester of Foundation Year, which is the only completed semester plan for the course thus far, focuses primarily on introducing students to U.S. culture and the city of San Francisco. Although it is IL91 that provides the structure for students to receive and discuss their IES and GSP results, there is still limited space for guidance around what the results mean and how to apply them (Personal Interview, 2019). One aspect of the ICC course is a personal development plan based on students’ IES results. Students are paired with an accountability partner and expected to meet regularly to update one another on their progress according to this plan; however, students I spoke to in the class reported that many have not followed through with this and that the accountability structure has not been helpful to most of them. The most extensive assignment in the first semester is an ethnography project, in which students are tasked with pairing up to learn about a classmate from a different cultural background and to ask them a series of questions in order to get to know their cultural context (Ethnography Interview Project Description, 2019). I find aspects of this assignment concerning in how they fail to contradict problematic patterns of ethnography in history. The assignment refers to each classmate as their partner’s “Cultural Informant,” a term I find a bit overly scientific and technical for what seems to be a description of two peers getting to know one another and sharing their backgrounds, and some of the guidance in the description calls back to uncomfortable patterns of exploitation in anthropological research (i.e., asking students to describe in their report “how [they] established rapport” with their informants). Ethnography, and more generally anthropology as a field, has a problematic history of using the study of culturally different “others” for selfserving and often colonialist projects (Pels & Salemnik, 1994). Educating students about the complexity of this practice’s history can provide them with a critical broad context for responsible rather than exploitative cultural learning. Staff have reported that the ethnography assignments went extremely well, and at least two students I spoke to from the Class of 2023 agreed. One student thought most had chosen partners they did not know well already, and that she and many of her classmates got a lot out of the interview experience, although, she argued, the questions given by Minerva were fairly superficial and students who gained most from the assignment went deeper than the assignment required in their conversations. Overall, reviews of IL91 so far from both students and staff have been relatively positive, although some members of the Class of 2023 still feel the course has not been the best use of their time and effort alongside an extremely demanding academic schedule. The course is definitely a step forward in students’ access to knowledge and support for developing intercultural competence; however, students still maintain that its value is not inherent to its design and rather fluctuates based on the work a student puts in and their interest in the course. Continuing to expand and develop the course should go hand and hand with integrating its topics and assumptions into all other aspects of a Minerva education.  Minerva’s mission of building nurturing critical wisdom and global citizenship depends on teaching both those critical consciousness skills and the ethics of citizenship, in addition to appropriate intercultural interaction. Ethnorelativism—or the ability to see beyond one’s own cultural context—must work hand in hand with critical and intercultural consciousness—a sense of ethical obligation in the use of intercultural skills—in order for Minerva to fulfill its extremely admirable goals. The following recommendations are aimed at supporting both students’ and the institution’s capacity for cultural relativity and intercultural consciousness. They are also designed to be a beginning, not an ending point—a start of a wider conversation.  In order to build a critical, engaged, and holistic approach to intercultural development, I propose here an integrated organization-wide effort to re-conceptualize ICC. In the following subsections, I describe a series of potential institutional policies or changes in a variety of areas that I believe develop Minerva’s capacity for intercultural competence and consciousness and begin to close the gaps identified at the beginning of this project. I’ve developed these recommendations as a synthesis of interviews with students and staff, in conjunction with the literature I’ve referenced throughout the project. The following three recommendations are synthesized or reiterated from earlier in this paper:  Recruit and hire staff from diverse backgrounds and identities. At a fundamental level, the structural factors required for change begin with a shift in the priorities and awareness of the administration. This can come from a change in the knowledge and values of the people in leadership, or it can come from the people themselves— that is, a change in who is in the room and their roles in decision-making. Consistent effort should be made to recruit staff from diverse backgrounds and identities (Wood, 2019).  Expand ICC assessments, development plans, and training to staff and faculty and hold dialogues about culture among the staff as well as student community All staff should take an assessment of intercultural competence as well as a culture mapping assessment like the GlobeSmart profile. The latter can provide a useful framing for building one’s own cultural self-knowledge, but it does not reveal anything about patterns of engagement with cultural difference. For that, as described earlier, I favor the Intercultural Development Inventory for its growth mindset, broad definition of culture, and framework of ethnorelativism. Requiring staff and faculty to assess their own intercultural competence has multiple purposes. Broadly, it serves a statement of how important ICC is to Minerva as an institution and to staff’s ability to do their jobs effectively and responsibly. Just as critically, it allows staff and faculty to assess and become aware of the patterns and biases they bring to interactions with students, partners, and fellow staff. Essentially, any conversations about culture that are facilitated for students should happen for staff first. ICC takes targeted practice. Just like students will not gain cultural skills or self-awareness by osmosis, neither will staff. And just like staff can model effective intercultural interaction, they can also model ineffective and problematic practices and harm students with ethnocentric and invalidating comments and policies.  Hire a full-time Director of Intercultural Consciousness with expertise in organizational consulting and facilitation for intercultural competence A related proposition is that Minerva should hire a full-time, in-house staff member, with specific expertise in intercultural competence issues, as a director of Intercultural and Community Affairs within Student Life. This new hire would, ideally, have experience working with both U.S. domestic and international students and would be able to consult the  organization (including staff) on issues of culture as well as build and maintain programming and coordinate a work-study team of peer culture educators. With proper training, they could also be an advocate for equity, diversity, and ICC in Minerva’s hiring practices, thus building a positive feedback loop where more incoming staff are interested in ICC and contribute to a culture that further prioritizes and expects it (Wood, 2019). Create a work-study team focused on conflict resolution and intercultural competence within Minerva’s student community. Minerva appears to have room for more work-study positions. Several students from each class are typically placed every year in project-dependent roles like Freelance where they aren’t always able to fulfill hours; opening new student-facing work-study positions focusing on ICC could be an effective use of resources and student and staff time. Therefore, I propose the implementation of a new student work-study team, similar to RAs or Oxygen, specifically focusing on conflict resolution and intercultural competence within the community, and an additional role (related or unrelated) focusing on researching and presenting the historical and social context of the rotation. Even if these teams were only 2-5 students, the role of trained student leadership in this area could be impactful for the student body’s overall receptiveness to ICC-related topics as well as for intercultural development and dialogue to become part of every aspect of student life.  Incorporated into the above or separately, create a work-study team of peer educators focused on the cultural and historical context of the global rotation. Similarly, student leadership around issues of cultural understanding and respect in the global rotation has a high potential to impact students’ understanding and behavior. Minerva should also express far greater awareness of the continued relevance of historical factors and events on the locations in the global rotation as well as the ways students interact with them. This could be done through a new work study position in which student interns, potentially under the management of the local SXP staff or a member of the Arts & Humanities faculty, hold semester-long positions as cultural ambassadors and resources for their classmates and even staff to build an understanding of the city’s context. This has the added benefit of taking the pressure off of local students so that they can be as involved, or not, as they wish in leading their peers through the semester and the city Provide space for handling conflicts offline and as they arise in regular meetings of the entire residential community. View tension as an opportunity to teach consciousness, dialogue, and conflict resolution skills. Culturally-charged arguments (like the recent Facebook debate over Hong Kong and China) can be destructive to students’ sense of community and to their perceived ability to mediate discussions and to handle cultural difference. Minerva should aim to support bringing online arguments offline so that they become an opportunity for students to practice conflict resolution skills and to see those they debate with as complex individuals and members of their same community; trained student mediators can facilitate this process. So far, Minerva has not been able to set a precedent of productive offline dialogues partially because difficult conversations have usually been student-driven and showing up has always been optional and easily avoidable. The monthly residential meetings held this year in San Francisco provides a potential model for changing this pattern. Spearheaded by their RLC, the Class of 2023 has held regular, mandatory meetings of the entire residential community in San Francisco (similar to models used by UWCs). So far, the conversations held at these meetings have typically been limited to residential issues, such as keeping the kitchen clean; but they also present an opportunity to address other issues of living together: students’ concerns over specific arguments or challenges they see in the community; educating one another on culture and background; etc. (Personal Interview, 2020). These meetings should be expanded, supported, and sustained across all four years as an opportunity for students to see themselves and their residential experience as inherently tied to the experiences of those different than them. Take self-segregation seriously as an issue of student learning and equity; support more research into solutions to emergent patterns of self-segregation.  The question of self-segregation at all levels of education has been investigated by numerous scholars; the details of their analyses are outside the scope of this paper. There is likely not one silver-bullet solution to community integration, although each of the suggestions above (as well as existing initiatives like the ethnography assignment) have the potential to make some level of impact. Overall, Minerva can start by taking this seriously as an issue impacting both community wellbeing and student outcomes and looking further for possible interventions. Understanding how relationships can link to intercultural competence and, in turn, to values of global citizenship and ethnorelative patterns is an important step for building an interculturally competent organization and student body; looking for solutions to the emergent property of student segregation is one way Minerva can expand its integration of ICC into students’ everyday life.  Frame the global rotation through an ethnorelative lens to set and model high expectations for student development in areas of intercultural consciousness and understanding. If Minerva wants students to develop interculturally, the institution itself must model and expect a high level of competence in the way it introduces students to cities. Framing needs to shift from a U.S.- and Euro-centric way of viewing the global rotation to one that takes into account the diverse backgrounds students come from as well as the relative nature of cultures. This means preparing students for culture shock in San Francisco, London, and Berlin as well as in the less Western cities of Seoul, Hyderabad, Buenos Aires, and Taipei. It means hiring not only ground staff but also more core leadership who understand and identify with diverse cultures. It means priming students with openness and excitement, not negativity and “challenge,” for cities that are culturally different by U.S. standards. Teach students about the historical, social, and political contexts of the global rotation at the city, country, and regional levels. The above also requires building a greater understanding of the difference between the culture of a city, country, and region in the framing of the rotation. Before leaving the city for the semester—and ideally before the first month is over—students should have an understanding of the city’s cultural role in the country and the political and historical context impacting the past, present, and future of the place at local, national, and regional levels, as well as the relationship they as (diverse) visitors have to these dynamics. Engaging in the “easy” or “fun” parts of a place without understanding its complexities is a form of extractive cultural tourism that Minerva should not endorse or engage in. Support students to build connections with local community members by initiating homestay or family-based programs in every city and/or by linking students to locals in their age group. One way to do expand students’ opportunities for ethnorelativism is by building connections between Minervans and local community members. Minerva has always prioritized this to some extent, but has typically focused connection-building on civic partnerships—that is, the pedagogy has seen professional opportunity as the most important driver for connecting with “locals.” This has typically meant that students are connected only to a specific subset of community members: professionals, often young, often expats or immigrants themselves. While it’s valuable for both students’ intercultural development and their career development to learn about organizations and people doing diverse and interesting work in our rotation cities, this view is still vaguely self-serving and elitist—can students only learn from locals who provide prestigious career connections or professional advice?10 What about connecting with local students, over what it is to be a young person in this society? Or with families? Multiple students from the Class of 2021 cited the most meaningful relationships they built in Seoul as being not with civic partners but rather with their neighbors (specifically, neighbors who had dogs). Minerva has not initiated any sort of homestay program, in which students have an opportunity to live with local families in the global rotation, which would allow them to build a more personal connection and a deeper understanding of everyday life in the locations they visit. Beginning semesters with some version of a homestay program could allow students to have a family as “home base” in the rotation city in addition to their residence hall, and to build a more holistic local understanding from community members who are likely more culturally different from Minerva as an institution (and many of its students) than are the local professionals that the school seeks a relationship with.  The closest programming to this was an initiative designed by the Taipei SXP team in the city’s first Elevation. In the first weeks of the semester, on the night of Taiwan’s presidential elections, groups of 2-3 students were paired with families around Taipei to eat dinner and watch the election results, many of them at those families’ homes. This was hugely successful, allowing students to connect to locals with diverse perspectives on Taiwanese politics and society as well as a window into home and family life in Taipei. Several students stayed in touch with their families and spent more time with them as the semester went on, including for the Lunar New Year holiday. Additionally, in the same semester, Minerva’s partnership with National Taiwan University provided students with programming and infrastructure to connect with locals their age for the first time in their four years at Minerva. Many students have found it easier to build friendships with local students—their peers—than with local professionals—and these friendships allow them to learn about the city, country, and culture through a more empathetic and personal lens than they may have otherwise. Add or plan to add a city in Africa to the global rotation  There is a significant debate across multiple sectors of the Minerva community over whether the seven/city model should remain at all. Many factors—including depth of immersion, climate emissions, psychological stress and wellness, and cost, among others—are involved in this discussion and they are each complex. For this reason, along with the administration’s repeated assurance that they do not plan to change the seven-city model anytime soon, I don’t take a position here on whether four, seven, or any other number of cities should be included in Minerva’s rotation. This question is both fundamental to Minerva’s model (my project is reform, not revolution) and would require significantly greater discussion of the science of well-being than I have space or time for. For the purpose of this paper, Minerva has a seven-city model and will likely continue to for the time being. It is also unlikely that Minerva will change which cities those are in the immediate future; however, my analysis would be incomplete without clear acknowledgment that, as one African student wrote on a Facebook thread, “until students live in a city in an African country, there is no ‘global rotation’ at Minerva.” Missing an entire continent—a continent that brings multiple unique and rich histories and incalculable cultural contributions to the world, and that is experiencing massive economic and political changes in this century—creates both an incomplete picture of the world and a harmful invalidation to students from that continent. It reinforces the extractive and exploitative lens through which Minerva often sees culture, especially those cultures which are globally marginalized. In some moments, Minerva staff and administration have acknowledged that African cities are excluded from the rotation because they are generally considered less globally relevant than major cities in other regions, with fewer prestigious jobs or connections to serve students’ careers (Personal interview, 2019). An article by Ben Nelson posted on the Minerva Community Portal justifies the current global rotation, claiming that the administration “evaluated Johannesburg, Cape Town and Durbin [sic]—eliminated because of high violent crime rates—and did a site visit to Accra as well as Dakkar [sic]—eliminated due to unstable infrastructure. Kigali continues to increase in global prominence and may be ready in a few years to be considered as part of the rotation.”11 The  word “ready” here, without clarification—does it refer to infrastructural development? Global recognizability? Economic development?—comes off as condescending. Minerva faces certain constraints in its first years of operation that it, hopefully, will not later on. The extremely vulnerable reputation of a new institution provides certain risks, and Minerva has responded to those by doubling down on the priorities of safety and, to a potentially lesser extent, global prominence in its search for the ideal rotation. If Minerva is currently concerned by the safety and prominence “risks” presented by sending students to an African city, the issue is not whether these cities are “ready to be considered” for the rotation but if Minerva is ready to consider them. If the answer is no, then the institution should present not just a vague consideration but a comprehensive and transparent plan that focuses on its own, not just the cities’, constraints and accounts for when they anticipate those constraints to fall away or be solved. Students have speculated that another factor in excluding Africa from the global rotation is fear of the associations the continent holds for funders or parents—perceptions of political turmoil and crime. These perceptions are grounded in racism, and the only way to change them is to push back with action—to treat Africa as the relevant, innovative, and culturally rich region it is. However, a city in Africa is not just a good-to-have-maybe-someday-ideal scenario: it is essential for students to have a complete picture of the way the world works today and in the future (McKenna, 2017). In a global political moment where the U.S. President writes off African nations as “shithole countries” as a justification for limiting immigration, it is more important than ever that other institutions, higher education included, counter this narrative in both words and action. Minerva has this obligation not only as an institution that claims to produce global citizens and leaders, but also as an institution that owes respect and care to its African students. There is an important value of each global rotation city to the students for whom that place is closest to home. There is a convenience value—for Asian students, the Seoul, Taipei, and Hyderabad semesters can mean being able to return home for breaks, holidays, and family events, sometimes for the first time since beginning Minerva. There is a cultural value—many Latin American students get to use their native language in Buenos Aires for the first time in years, navigating streets and food and culture that feels somewhat if not closely familiar. And there is the value of validation—students from the United States and Europe are told through the simple existence of the semesters in San Francisco, Berlin, and London that the regions they come from are important; that they are where decisions are made and where innovation happens; that future leaders and global citizens must learn from and about them. When Africa is selectively written off as less globally important, less safe, less essential to cultural learning than every other region, that is not only an untrue centering of tired Western narratives, but it is also disrespectful to the students who come from African countries and call them home. If every major African city is really out of the picture right now due to insurmountable logistical challenges such as crime rates or infrastructure, Minerva should regardless express a strong intention to consistently re-evaluate and account for these barriers and should announce its plan for doing so. At the very least, the school must acknowledge that the global rotation is not complete without an African city and commit to making every effort to change this as soon as it is feasible. Add or plan to add a semester or shorter program in a rural area to the global rotation  In addition to (and separate from) the value of an African city, I also advocate for the inclusion of a rural semester in the global rotation. This seems unlikely in Minerva’s current system, which is literally shorthanded the “7-cities model.” But global politics, culture, and society are all becoming less about where in the world you live and more about whether it’s a major city. An intensifying urban-rural divide has shaken political and social systems to their core around the world. Cultural change impacts cities and rural areas very differently; the challenges facing each are drastically different, and important; and yet Minerva students have extremely limited exposure to rural lifestyles and culture in any of the seven global rotation cities. Even a weeklong co-curricular retreat in one or more rotation cities, or a summer learning opportunity, could go a long way to helping students learn about a critical dimension of cultural diversity (and help students from rural communities see their university give credit to that component of their identity). In closing his article on the global rotation, Ben Nelson writes “Minerva is designed for a very select group of individuals—ones trained to make decisions of consequence, decisions that will impact the lives of others more than they will impact their own. The imperative to optimize your capacity for critical wisdom is paramount and for that transfer is key.” Transfer to African and to rural contexts is key also. My research and analysis here, coupled with my conceptual framework, have led me to this point: of advocating for a critical approach to culture that takes into account complex sociopolitical and historical factors and educates students in the ethics of culture as well as the technicalities. To create well-rounded students—students who can become thoughtful and innovative global leaders in a variety of disciplines—Minerva must lean into, not away from, the challenges and complexities of culture. This paper has largely been about the challenges Minerva has faced in building a pedagogy that reaches its potential for intercultural development. My goal has been to identify Minerva’s admirable (and necessary) aspiration toward building global citizens and to point out some of the blind spots and failures the institution has dealt with along the way. In this, I worry I may have under-reported some of the incredible opportunities and success stories of culture at Minerva. In the conversations that helped me prepare this analysis, I was often blown away and inspired by how students described the strength of relationships they have built at Minerva; the internal and interpersonal conflicts they have resolved; the growth they have experienced through the global rotation. That close friendships have been built across powerful cultural and political divides—across tensions between India and Pakistan; left-wing and right-wing; Christian, Muslim, and atheist. These stories and countless others illustrate the powerful potential for connection and growth that Minerva’s community and global rotation provides to students. However, something I have heard and observed over and over again is that when it comes to intercultural development, like many other aspects of a Minerva education, “you get out what you put in.” Deep, impactful cross-cultural engagement is definitely possible at Minerva. But it isn’t universal, and it isn’t expected. Yet. Students have had to seek out and work through this kind of growth themselves, largely without consistent institutional support. If Minerva hopes to create 21st century leaders and citizens who are capable of having a positive impact on the world, it can’t be possible to opt out of intercultural development. Intercultural competence and consciousness cannot be an optional part of a Minerva education; if it is, many students will continue to walk through these four years—and their lives beyond—creating harm for those around them and who are impacted by their decisions. This Capstone is designed to be the start, not the product, of a large-scale institutional conversation about who we are, where we come from, what we value, and how we can move forward—with connection and intention—to nurture ever-more-thoughtful levels of critical wisdom, for the sake of the world . This paper was based on twelve formal interviews with members of each Minerva class and staff as well as countless informal conversations and interactions. All individuals remain nameless to preserve anonymity.  Intercultural Skills. (n.d.). Retrieved from Kozai Group website: https://www.kozaigroup.com/intercultural-skills/  The Roadmap to Intercultural Competence Using the IDI. (2020). Retrieved from IDI website: https://idiinventory.com/  College Learning for the New Global Century. (n.d.). In Association of American Colleges and Universities.  Acharya, A., Blackwell, M., & Sen, M. (2018). Deep Roots. In Deep Roots. https://doi.org/10.23943/9781400889976  Ahn, M. J., & Ettner, L. (2013). Cultural intelligence (CQ) in MBA curricula. Multicultural Education & Technology Journal, 7(1), 4–16. https://doi.org/10.1108/17504971311312591  Althen, G. (2003). American Ways: A Guide for Foreigners in the United States (2nd ed.). Yarmouth, Maine: Intercultural Press, Inc.  Anderson, E. (2007). Fair opportunity in education: A democratic equality perspective. Ethics. https://doi.org/10.1086/518806  Anderson, E. S. (1995). The Democratic University: The Role of Justice in the Production of Knowledge. Social Philosophy and Policy. https://doi.org/10.1017/S0265052500004726  Bandyopadhyay, R. (2019). Volunteer tourism and “The White Man’s Burden”: globalization of suffering, white savior complex, religion and modernity. Journal of Sustainable Tourism, 27(3), 327–343. https://doi.org/10.1080/09669582.2019.1578361  Bennett, J. M. (2009). Cultivating Intercultural Competence: A Process Perspective. In The SAGE Handbook of Intercultural Competence (pp. 121–140). Bennett, J. M. (2013). Intercultural Competence: Vital Perspectives for Diversity and Inclusion. In B. M. Ferdman & B. R. Deane (Eds.), Diversity at Work: The Practice of Inclusion (pp. 1–612). https://doi.org/10.1002/9781118764282  Bennett, J. M. (2015). The SAGE Encyclopedia of Intercultural Competence. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-45701-7_5  Bennett, M. J. (2004). Becoming interculturally competent. Toward Multiculturalism: A Reader in Multicultural Education. https://doi.org/10.1002/tl.275  Bennett, M. J. (2015). Intercultural Consciousness and the Construction of Citizenship. CFC/FSEA Conference, The Formation of Sustainable Citizenship. https://doi.org/10.1017/CBO9781107415324.004  Bennett, M. J. (1986). A developmental approach to training for intercultural sensitivity. International Journal of Intercultural Relations. https://doi.org/10.1016/0147-1767(86)90005-2  Binsky, D. (2019). She’s getting a degree all over the world. Retrieved from https://www.facebook.com/drewbinsky/videos/891025144609924/UzpfSTEwMDAwMzA5M TA0NDE0MDozMDYwNjExMjk0OTk0MTQ6MTA6MTU0NjMyOTYwMDoxNTc3ODY1NTk5 OjYyMjI5NTgxNjA3NDU0OTAwNzI/  Blake, M. E., Pierce, L., Gibson, S., Reysen, S., & Katzarska-Miller, I. (2015). University Environment and Global Citizenship Identification. Journal of Educational and Developmental Psychology. https://doi.org/10.5539/jedp.v5n1p97  Cabrera, N. L., Franklin, J. D., & Watson, J. S. (2016). Whiteness in Higher Education: The Invisible Missing Link in Diversity and Racial Analyses. ASHE Higher Education Report, 42(6), 7–125. https://doi.org/10.1002/aehe.20116  Catala, A. (2019). Multicultural Literacy, Epistemic Injustice, and White Ignorance. Feminist Philosophy Quarterly. https://doi.org/10.5206/fpq/2019.2.7289  Cho, R. (2011, May 26). Why We Must Reconnect With Nature. State of the Planet. Retrieved from https://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2011/05/26/why-we-must-reconnect-withnature/  Chow, Y.-H. A. (2013). Race, Racism, and International Students in the United States. Academic Advising Today, 36(2). Retrieved from https://nacada.ksu.edu/Resources/Academic-Advising-Today/View-Articles/Race-Racism-and-International-Students-in-the-UnitedStates.aspx Chun, E., & Evans, A. (2016). Rethinking Cultural Competence in Higher Education: An Ecological Framework for Student Development. ASHE Higher Education Report. https://doi.org/10.1002/aehe.20102  Cui, H. (2013). Institution, Culture, and Ideology: The Self-segregation of Chinese International Students at Wesleyan University (Wesleyan University). Retrieved from https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/bc5c/762dcb4a2e200a0de2b0d1e49fc7e06ba1b4.pdf  Davies, A., Fidler, D., & Gorbis, M. (2020). Future Work Skills 2020. In Institute for the Future, University of Phoenix Research Institute. Retrieved from http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/front/docs/sponsored/phoenix/future_work_skills_2020.p df  Davis, L., & Fry, R. (2019). College faculty have become more racially and ethnically diverse, but remain far less so than students. Retrieved from Pew Research Center website: https://pewrsr.ch/2GCDVDZ  Dean, R. G. (2001). The myth of cross-cultural competence. Families in Society. https://doi.org/10.1606/1044-3894.151  Deardorff, D. . (2006). The Identification and Assessment of Intercultural Competence as a Student Outcome of Internationalization at Institutions of Higher Education in the United States. Journal of Studies in International Education.  Deardorff, D. K. (2011). Assessing intercultural competence. New Directions for Institutional Research. https://doi.org/10.1002/ir.381  Diemer, M. A., Rapa, L. J., Voight, A. M., & McWhirter, E. H. (2016). Critical Consciousness : A Developmental Approach to Addressing Marginalization and Oppression. 10(4), 216– 221. https://doi.org/10.1111/cdep.12193  Early, P. C., & Mosakowski, E. (2004, October). Cultural Intelligence. Harvard Business Review. Retrieved from https://hbr.org/2004/10/cultural-intelligence  El-Amin, A., Seider, S., Graves, D., Tamerat, J., Clark, S., Soutter, M., … Malhotra, S. (2017). Critical consciousness: A key to student achievement. Phi Delta Kappan. https://doi.org/10.1177/0031721717690360 Esposito, M. (2017). Reinventing schools: some champions in our backyard. Freire, P. (1974). Education for Critical Consciousness. London: Continuum.  Fries-Britt, S., George Mwangi, C. A., & Peralta, A. M. (2014). Learning race in a U.S. Context: An emergent framework on the perceptions of race among foreign-born students of color. Journal of Diversity in Higher Education, 7(1), 1–13. https://doi.org/10.1037/a0035636  Fuller, T. (2016, July 20). The Loneliness of Being Black in San Francisco. New York Times. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/21/us/black-exodus-from-sanfrancisco.html  Gay, G. (2013). Teaching To and Through Cultural Diversity. Curriculum Inquiry, 43(1), 48–70. https://doi.org/10.1111/curi.12002  Geller, K. D., & Phillips, J. C. (2018). Book review: Working in a multicultural world: A guide to developing intercultural competence. Management Learning. https://doi.org/10.1177/1350507618779152  Gray, M., Coates, J., & Hetherington, T. (2007). Hearing indigenous voices in mainstream social work. Families in Society. https://doi.org/10.1606/1044-3894.3592  Greenholtz, J. (2000). Assessing Cross-cultural Competence in Transnational Education: The Intercultural Development Inventory. Higher Education in Europe. https://doi.org/10.1080/713669273  Gregersen-Hermans, J. (2015). The Impact of Exposure to Diversity in the International University Environment and the Development of Intercultural Competence in Students. In The European Higher Education Area. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-20877-0_6  Guarneros, P. (2020). Cross-Class Vlogs: M22 first month. Retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imvfWS2JSI8 H alualani, R. T., & Nakayama, T. K. (2010). Critical Intercultural Communication Studies at a Crossroads. In The Handbook of Critical Intercultural Communication (pp. 1–16). West Sussex, UK: Blackwell Publishing.  Hammer, M. R. (2019). Why Consider Using the Intercultural Development Inventory. Retrieved from https://idiinventory.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Why-Consider-theIDI-2019.pdf Hammer, M. R., Bennett, M. J., & Wiseman, R. (2003). Measuring intercultural sensitivity: The intercultural development inventory. International Journal of Intercultural Relations. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0147-1767(03)00032-4  Hart, A., & Montague, J. (2015). Negotiating Identity and Alterity: Cultural Competence, Colonization and Cultural Voyeurism in Students’ Work-Based Learning. Journal of Psychological Issues in Organizational Culture. https://doi.org/10.1002/jpoc.21196  Hazard, P. (2014). Cultural Dexterity: The global talent solution.  Hofstede, G. (2011). Dimensionalizing Cultures: The Hofstede Model in Context. Online Readings in Psychology and Culture, 2(1), 1–26. https://doi.org/10.9707/2307-0919.1014  IDEAS for Global Citizenship. (n.d.) What is Global Citizenship? Retrieved from http://www.ideas-forum.org.uk/about-us/global-citizenship  Jones, M. L. (2007). Hofstede – culturally questionable? Oxford Business & Economics Conference, 24–26.  Jowsey, T. (2019). Three zones of cultural competency: surface competency, bias twilight, and the confronting midnight zone. BMC Medical Education, 19(1), 1–8. https://doi.org/10.1186/s12909-019-1746-0  Kao, G., & Joyner, K. (2004). Do race and ethnicity matter among friends? Activities among interracial, interethnic, and intraethnic adolescent friends. Sociological Quarterly. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1533-8525.2004.tb02303.x  Karim, A. U. (2003). A Developmental Progression Model for Intercultural Consciousness: A Leadership Imperative. Journal of Education for Business, pp. 34–39. Retrieved from http://www.leadershiptrainers.com/subpages/resources/AtaLeadershiparticle.pdf  King, P. M., & Baxter Magolda, M. B. (2005). A developmental model of intercultural maturity. Journal of College Student Development, 46(6), 571–592. https://doi.org/10.1353/csd.2005.0060  Klein-Gardner, S. S., & Walker, A. (2011). Defining Global Competence for Engineering Students. Kohls, L. R. (1984). The Values Americans Live By. Retrieved from http://atad.org/docs/forms/Orientation/AMVALUES.pdf Krajewski, S. (2011). Developing intercultural competence in multilingual and multicultural student groups. Journal of Research in International Education, 10(2), 137–153. https://doi.org/10.1177/1475240911408563  Kruse, S. D., Rakha, S., & Calderone, S. (2018). Developing cultural competency in higher education: an agenda for practice. Teaching in Higher Education. https://doi.org/10.1080/13562517.2017.1414790  Kumagai, A., & Lypson, M. (2009). Beyond Cultural Competence : Critical Cultural Competency : A Critique. Acad Med, 84(6), 782–787. https://doi.org/10.1097/ACM.0b013e3181a42398  Ladson-Billings, G. (1995). Toward a Theory of Culturally Relevant Pedagogy. American Educational Research Journal, 32(3), 465–491. https://doi.org/10.3102/00028312032003465  Lahrichi, K. (2016, September 6). An Expat’s Guide to the Latin American Concept of Time. The Wall Street Journal. Leri, P. (2002). Interviewing across cultures. Retrieved from http://fordschool.umich.edu/downloads/InterviewCrossCultures.pdf  Leung, A. K. yee, Maddux, W. W., Galinsky, A. D., & Chiu, C. yue. (2008). Multicultural Experience Enhances Creativity: The When and How. American Psychologist. https://doi.org/10.1037/0003-066X.63.3.169  Leung, K., Ang, S., & Tan, M. L. (2014). Intercultural Competence. Annual Review of Organizational Psychology and Organizational Behavior. https://doi.org/10.1146/annurevorgpsych-031413-091229  Loo, B. (n.d.). International Students and Experiences with Race in the United States. Retrieved from World Education News and Reviews website: https://wenr.wes.org/2019/03/international-students-and-experiences-with-race-in-theunited-states Martin, C. (2016).  The “Third World” Is Not Your Classroom. Bright Magazine. Retrieved from https://brightthemag.com/the-third-world-is-not-your-classroom-9eee1546f565  Matsumoto, D., & Hwang, H. C. (2013). Assessing Cross-Cultural Competence: A Review of Available Tests. Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology. https://doi.org/10.1177/0022022113492891 McKenna, J. (2017, May 02). 6 numbers that prove the future is African. Retrieved from https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/05/africa-is-rising-and-here-are-the-numbers-toprove-it/  Miller, C. C. (2015, October 30). Extreme Study Abroad: The World Is Their Campus. The New York Times. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/01/education/edlife/extreme-study-abroad-the-worldis-their-campus.html  Minerva Faculty. (2019). IL91: Intercultural Competency I: Managing Complexity of a Global World – Course Description.  Molinsky, A. (2013). Cultural Dexterity: How to adapt your behavior across cultures without losing yourself in the process. Boston, MA: Harvard Business School Publishing.  Moon, D. G. (2011). Critical Reflections on Culture and Critical Intercultural Communication. In The Handbook of Critical Intercultural Communication. https://doi.org/10.1002/9781444390681.ch3  Nakayama, T. K., & Halualani, R. T. (2011). The Handbook of Critical Intercultural Communication. In The Handbook of Critical Intercultural Communication. https://doi.org/10.1002/9781444390681  Namakkal, J. (2013). Study Abroad as Neo-Colonial Tourism. Retrieved from CounterPunch website: https://www.counterpunch.org/2013/08/29/study-aboard-as-neocolonial-tourism/  Nelson, B. (2020). Minerva’s Global Rotation. Retrieved from https://d1c2gz5q23tkk0.cloudfront.net/assets/uploads/2887766/asset/Minerva’s_Global_Rot ation.pdf?1578580458&fbclid=IwAR21mG3IwM5rLdf1I3yvHkZcIhVu3JjZsl_ZB00v5jOSml7Gwe YXqMPYerM  Paige, R. M., & Bennett, J. M. (2015). Intercultural Sensitivity. In The SAGE Encyclopedia of Intercultural Competence (pp. 519–525). SAGE Publications, Inc.  Paige, R. M., Jacobs-Cassuto, M., Yershova, Y. A., & DeJaeghere, J. (2003). Assessing intercultural sensitivity: An empirical analysis of the Hammer and Bennett Intercultural Development Inventory. International Journal of Intercultural Relations. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0147-1767(03)00034-8 Pels, P., & Salemnik, O. (1994). Introduction: Five theses on ethnography as colonial practice. History and Anthropology, 7(1–4), 1–34.  Reid, E. (2013). Models of Intercultural Competences in Practice. International Journal of Language and Linguistics, 1(2), 44. https://doi.org/10.11648/j.ijll.20130102.12  Reysen, S., Larey, L. W., & Katzarska-Miller, I. (2016). College Course Curriculum and Global Citizenship. International Journal of Development Education and Global Learning. https://doi.org/10.18546/ijdegl.04.3.03  Ritter, Z. S. (2016). International students’ perceptions of race and socio-economic status in an American higher education landscape. Journal of International Students, 6(2), 367–393.  Ryan, J. (2012). Cross-Cultural Teaching and Learning for Home and International Students. In Cross-Cultural Teaching and Learning for Home and International Students. https://doi.org/10.4324/9780203098035  Salisbury, M. H., An, B. P., & Pascarella, E. T. (2013). The effect of study abroad on intercultural competence among undergraduate college students. Journal of Student Affairs Research and Practice. https://doi.org/10.1515/jsarp-2013-0001  Sharpe, E. K. (2015). Colonialist Tendencies in Education Abroad. International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education, 27(2), 227–234. Retrieved from https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1082881.pdf  Stier, J. (2003). Internationalisation, Ethnic Diversity and the Acquisition of Intercultural Competencies. Intercultural Education. https://doi.org/10.1080/1467598032000044674  Stier, J. (2010). International education: Trends, ideologies and alternative pedagogical approaches. Globalisation, Societies and Education. https://doi.org/10.1080/14767724.2010.505095  Stier, J. (2006). Internationalisation, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. Journal of Intercultural Communication.  Teo, H.-M. (2004). Romancing the Raj: Interracial Relations in Anglo-Indian Romance Novels. History of Intellectual Culture, 4(1). Retrieved from https://www.ucalgary.ca/hic/issues/vol4/3 Townley, G., Kloos, B., Green, E. P., & Franco, M. M. (2011). Reconcilable Differences? Human Diversity, Cultural Relativity, and Sense of Community. American Journal of Community Psychology, 47(1), 69–85. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10464-010-9379-9  Waters, A., & Asbill, L. (2013). Reflections on cultural humility. Retrieved from American Psychological Association website: https://www.apa.org/pi/families/resources/newsletter/2013/08/cultural-humility  Wolff, F., & Borzikowsky, C. (2018). Intercultural Competence by International Experiences? An Investigation of the Impact of Educational Stays Abroad on Intercultural Competence and Its Facets. Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology. https://doi.org/10.1177/0022022118754721  Wood, J. L. (2019, July). Four Hiring Strategies for Increasing Faculty Diversity. Diverse Issues in Higher Education.  Zemsky, B. (2017). Intercultural Organizational Development and Systems Change with Phyllis Braxton. Retrieved from https://bethzemskypodcast.com/?powerpress_pinw=409- podcast
 This piece is part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read a series of financial aid-focused student profiles, an analysis of a student survey about financial aid, and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Increased transparency and communication are constant themes of discussion regarding most aspects of Minerva, and financial aid is no exception. Five out of the six student demands (viewable with a minerva.kgi.edu email) for the financial aid Day of Action were related to increased transparency and more regular and complete communication of financial aid policies and program costs. Throughout the Quest’s interviews for our reporting on financial aid, common themes were confusion about how Minerva calculates family contribution and frustration with the financial aid application process. There doesn’t seem to be one location with all relevant information on program costs and financial aid. Instead, it is split between the Prepare page, the student handbook, other areas of the Hub, and ad hoc emails sent directly to students and posted on the Community Portal. When asked about this, Nikolaus Pelka, Minerva’s Chief Financial Officer, acknowledged that “currently, relevant information about financial aid is somewhat scattered and not as helpful as it ought to be. We plan to revamp this and create a central location for information during this school year.” While Minerva’s “sticker price” is $26,950 per year plus $3,950 for Manifest in the fourth year, the net cost of attending varies significantly between students based on individual scholarships, work-study hours logged, technology expenses, flights to and from rotation cities, visa fees, health insurance, and everyday expenses like groceries, social events, and traveling during the semester. Because of these “hidden” expenses that are not explicitly covered by Minerva’s financial aid system, it can be difficult to accurately predict the actual cost of attending over all four years. An anonymous M’21 student told the Quest he worked and saved as he planned in the beginning, but soon realized he had underestimated the amount he needed to pay. “We had to pay for health insurance and then tax on top of [daily living expenses],” he told the Quest. “A lot of things were not included when Minerva gave me what they called ‘estimated living expenses.’” The Minerva website is likely the first place a prospective student will find information about Minerva’s costs and financial aid. These pages underscore that Minerva does everything it can to keep costs low for all students. Minerva’s tuition is $13,950 per year, which is about a quarter of what top-tier US universities charge. It’s 40% of the average tuition for private US colleges and half of the average out-of-state tuition for public US colleges. A 2017 OECD report showed that tuition for undergraduates in the US was higher than most other OECD countries, even for international students. According to the report, Minerva’s $13,950 tuition also falls in the high range, less than only the average tuition for international students attending university in the US, Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, and Canada.  Tuition costs around the world are difficult to research because there is no central body that collects this information. Between 2017 and 2020, Minerva’s tuition has gone up from $12,500 to $13,950, which corresponds to the 3.5% per year inflation rate in San Francisco over these three years. This increase is approximately the same as average relative tuition increases for private and public (in-state and out-of-state) universities in the US between 2017 and 2020. There is no central portal with all the relevant information about tuition, fees, and financial aid. Current and previous term bills can be found from the Prepare page by clicking on “All Invoices” under “Helpful Links.” The Hub’s Student Finances and Financial Aid section has some additional information; however, much of the information there is out of date and doesn’t seem to be updated regularly.  For example, the Student Accounts page has estimated annual costs for the 2017-18 school year. The Work-Study FAQ page references the 10 hour per week maximum average hours worked, even though there is now a 7.5 hour per week maximum and suggests contacting a staff member who no longer works at Minerva. During the financial aid town hall, Ben Nelson said that Minerva doesn’t go through their whole website regularly, so out of date information may appear for some time before being found and corrected. Updates to financial aid policies are usually sent by email or through the Community Portal as they come up. However, given the sometimes conflicting information or otherwise confusing nature of financial aid, students may resort to emailing the financial aid office with individual questions. Giovanna Chaves (M’20), however, said she was sometimes reluctant to send direct emails because she didn’t want to overwhelm the team, preferring to ask friends when confused. Melissa Morgenstern, Minerva’s Student Accounts Manager, is the only full-time employee whose sole focus is financial aid.  Many students feel that this situation is inadequate and one of the student demands from the financial aid Day of Action was to hire an additional staff member “to provide more direct support for students, ensure the timely release of information and bills, and to process the applications.” Minerva promises to meet the full demonstrated financial need of all students. As such, students often assume that their family contribution and financial aid package will remain the same unless their financial situation changes. However, this anecdotally seems not to be the case. Several students told the Quest that their financial aid package was somewhat unpredictable even when their family’s finances stayed the same. Phoebe Meixner (M’20) told the Quest, “It was impossible to predict when it would be $1,000 more or when it would be $1,000 less.” Giovanna Chaves (M’20) went even further, advising students not to rely too much on their first-year financial aid package: “Minerva will increase your loans for some reason” as they did for M’20 and M’21 in their final years. She pointed out that since Minerva is still a new institution, things will continue to change, including financial aid. Underestimating the ultimate cost of Minerva was a theme in several financial aid profiles. An anonymous M’21 student from Europe, who believed Minerva would be more affordable but ended up accumulating significant credit card debt to make ends meet, wished Minerva’s marketing to incoming students had been more direct about the financial difficulty involved. While he didn’t know for sure if he would have still enrolled in Minerva if he’d had this information, he would have felt better knowing that he had made a more informed decision. “There is no point in saying that Minerva has to give financial aid to everyone,” this student told the Quest. “But there is a strong point to make in saying that Minerva has to be fully honest on how much financial aid they can give and how much financial effort will be required from a student.” Minerva term bills usually include tuition, a student services fee, housing, and sometimes health insurance. The Minerva website estimates $5,000 per year for additional expenses, including “food, local transportation, books, and supplies.” These expenses are not paid directly to Minerva and vary based on student choices and abilities. Other significant expenses, such as taxes (including scholarship tax), visa fees, flights, and health insurance, are not directly communicated to students but are also mandatory and relatively predictable. They are not necessarily hidden, because all students know that they must get a visa and a flight to their rotation city, but it can be easy to forget or ignore them until they need to be paid. Furthermore, these expenses are often borne disproportionately by students with passports that face greater restrictions and expenses when it comes to travel.  And even when students are fully aware of the existence of these costs, they can still be difficult to budget for because the amounts may be higher than expected. Many students noted these expenses in a survey conducted by the Quest in April. An M’22 student from Pakistan said in the Quest’s survey that their health insurance costs the same as their term bill, meaning that they effectively have to pay double their calculated family contribution: “Health insurance and visa fees should be a part of the financial aid as these are integral and necessary components for being a student at Minerva,” they wrote. “Not including them directly discriminates against low-income students who come from countries with unprivileged passports and often have to pay a large visa fee.” An M’23 student from Kenya wrote that paying for Minerva “is very stressful, especially when other costs like visas, flights, and insurance are included.” This student usually pays their own expenses because their family isn’t able to contribute. “When other costs such as travel and insurance come in, it’s overwhelming.” A different M’23 from Kenya wrote that, while they are comfortable paying their term bill after financial aid, “when other costs such as travel and insurance come in, it’s overwhelming.” These expenses are evident to students, but it is unclear whether they come into Minerva’s calculation of family contribution. An M’22 student pointed out: “At first glance, it may seem like my family should be able to contribute more,” but that’s only when ignoring these additional costs not paid directly to Minerva. Similarly, Ibukunoluwa Aribilola (M’22) said that she doesn’t consider her work-study earnings to be enough to cover flights to and from the rotation cities. Instead, she has relied on paid summer positions to cover this additional cost. Health insurance, visa costs, and the scholarship tax are predictable yearly or semesterly expenses, but they are not explicitly stated in cost estimates on Minerva’s website. While these costs vary from student to student and semester to semester, they can almost always be accurately predicted given a student’s citizenship, rotation city, and scholarship amount.  The “Other Expenses” noted on the Minerva website seem to refer to daily living expenses such as “food, local transportation, books, and supplies.” While health insurance is noted, there is no estimate or range for how much it may cost.  The Hub has information on the costs of scholarship tax, health insurance, and visa fees, however, information on the centralized visa fees page is incomplete and out of date. On September 18th, Ben Nelson emailed an “Anti-Racist Action Plan” to the Minerva community. In this document, the senior team states: “We will look at how to include [on Minerva’s website] costs such as scholarship tax (for those who receive scholarship grants), visas, and any specifics around loan repayment.” They also say “the financial aid team is finalizing a document on ‘How to afford a Minerva education’ that goes into great detail about how students can finance their education and the various costs they will incur. We will be using this information during our outreach and admissions efforts this year.” Fees for damage to housing can be an additional unexpected charge. Any damage caused to the apartments is taken out of student security deposits and then is billed to students to refill their security deposit at the end of the school year. For example, Minerva’s housing in Berlin is through the property management group Berlinovo and many students in M’20 and M’21 were charged fees for damage to their Berlinovo apartments. It is unclear whether these charges were justified, but there were extensive discussions on internal Facebook groups, with many students feeling that they were unfairly charged for damages. Some even insist that there was no damage to their apartment. These fees were over $130 for some students. Unexpected or time-sensitive expenses like discounted flights or emergency medical costs can be difficult for students to pay if they rely on work-study paychecks for their daily expenses and don’t have savings.  According to the Hub, Minerva offers up to $100 per semester as a short-term emergency loan, however, the form to apply for this loan has dates from the 2018-19 school year so it is unclear whether this is still an option for current students. Before 2020, Minerva had promised that students would take on no more than $20,000 in loans for the four years. However, the financial aid packages received by many M’21 students for the 2020-2021 school year broke this “loan ceiling” for a total of $22,000 in loans for all four years. Minerva has now committed to a $22,000 loan ceiling for future classes during the financial aid town hall and on the Minerva website. The previous loan cap of $20,000 is still on the Hub. M’20 loans were also increased for the 2019-2020 school year from $2,960 (page 4) to $4,950 to match the lower classes (page 4). As there was no explanation to M’20 about the increase, many students assumed this increase was to cover Manifest. Phoebe Meixner (M’20) pointed out that Minerva treats both loans and scholarships as forms of financial aid, even though they are very different from the student perspective. Although she trusts that Minerva wasn’t trying to profit off her, she worries that Minerva may ultimately provide only loans instead of scholarship. With the broken loan ceiling commitment, this possibility seems more likely.  Since Minerva didn’t follow through on the $20,000 loan ceiling, students may not trust that they will follow through on the updated $22,000 loan ceiling. When asked about this possibility, Ben Nelson responded: “Raising the maximum loan amount is always possible in the future though no increase is planned as of now.” In a follow-up document answering additional questions after the town hall, the senior team did not directly address this broken promise and the lack of communication around it. In response to the question, “Are you going to inform future students that the loan ceiling is optional?” Minerva wrote, “The total loan ceiling is optional in as far as a student is not obligated to take out the loan that is offered as part of the Financial Aid package.” In the context of the town hall, this question was likely asking about the possibility of Minerva again raising the loan ceiling without informing students, not about the case of a student not accepting the loans.  Additionally, many students would not be able to afford to attend Minerva without accepting the Climb loans meaning that in practice, they are rarely “optional,” as stated in the response. When asked more directly, Ben Nelson told the Quest that if there are future changes to financial aid or tuition “I hope we’ll do better at [communicating those changes] than we did in that case where the website wasn’t updated. Unfortunately, these are not linked systems and the sprawl of Minerva information continues to expand so I am sure there will be some mistakes that will continue to happen. But broadly, we should be communicating any changes to tuition, financial aid, or related items as we issue the financial aid award information to students.” In the Response to Student Demands document released after the financial aid Day of Action, the senior team explained who Minerva sees as responsible for paying for education. First, the institution has the responsibility to keep costs low. Second, the student’s family must pay what they can afford for tuition and other expenses. Third, the student takes responsibility for $10,000 per year of their own education with loans and work-study. Finally, philanthropists are responsible for covering the rest of the cost with scholarships through the Minerva Project. Because of this hierarchy of responsibility, scholarships are the most flexible of the type of financial aid. They have the capacity to be increased or decreased as needed to cover the remaining costs after the family contribution, loans, and work-study have been maxed out. For this reason, Manifest refunds for M’20 were taken out of the scholarship first. The Response to Student Demands document was the first time that Minerva had directly and explicitly explained this responsibility hierarchy to students in writing.  The Applying for Financial Assistance FAQ page on the Minerva website, states “Minerva first employs low-interest student loans and term-time employment opportunities. To cover the remaining gap in the estimated cost of attendance, we provide need-based scholarships, that try to meet families’ demonstrated need and enable all qualified students to attend.” There is still confusion around how the family contribution and scholarship amounts are determined. Minerva does not release information about how they calculate a student’s family contribution from the completed financial aid application. Like their admissions criteria, this information is kept secret so that students can’t manipulate the calculation to their benefit or “game the system.” This policy exists to ensure that the financial aid process is fair and gives all students the same opportunity to affordably attend Minerva.  The lack of transparency creates confusion when a student’s family contribution or financial aid package changes. Several students interviewed by the Quest said that their family contribution changed even when their family’s finances stayed the same. Other students said that their family contribution stayed the same or even went up even if they had less capacity to pay, for example, if a parent lost a job, a sibling started attending university, or their home currency devalued. In Minerva’s Response to Student Demands from the financial aid Day of Action, the senior team said “93% of scholarships provided to the same students have either stayed the same or increased and 78% of family contributions have either decreased or stayed the same and 2/3rds of family contributions that increased reflected the published increase in tuition and fees or less” from the 2019-20 to 2020-21 school year.  Further, they said that there were “particular reasons” for any increase in family contribution beyond the increase in tuition and fees.  These reasons vary depending on the individual students’ and families’ finances. Minerva has said that there have been instances where students have misrepresented their finances on their financial aid applications and ended up with a lower family contribution when they could have afforded to pay more.  Nelson told the Quest that “unfortunately, it [the issue of students misrepresenting their finances] is more significant than it should be.” According to the Student Handbook, Minerva conducts random audits on most families who receive financial aid as well as investigations into student and family finances if they have reasonable suspicion or evidence that they provided incorrect or incomplete information on their financial aid application. All schools that receive federal funding from the US Department of Education must comply with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). According to the student handbook Minerva complies with FERPA although they do not accept federal student loans or other federal funding. FERPA protects the privacy of student records, including educational records and financial aid records. Since these are protected, Minerva cannot discuss or release information about individual financial aid cases to other Minerva students or unrelated staff (such as an academic advisor). Sometimes individual students turn to private Minerva Facebook groups to ask for advice on affording Minerva, including appealing their financial aid package. Since these cases are often very specific, it is hard for other students to fully understand the details of an individual’s financial situation. This is made even more confusing because Minerva is not transparent about how they calculate family contribution. One specific instance of a financial aid investigation came up in an internal Minerva Facebook group, but it is difficult to confirm details or generalize from this because Minerva cannot release information about specific cases because of FERPA. The Associated Students of Minerva (ASM) for the most part cannot bring individual cases to the Minerva administration, so students who may be struggling with their financial aid and want personalized advocacy may feel unsupported.  According to Kate Tanha, an M’21 ASM representative, “If there are individual cases that reflect an institutional matter or affect the community broadly, ASM is willing to seek solutions. Historically, if a student raises an individual issue, our first step has been to understand whether the issue affects the student community now and is likely to affect them in the future. We do not seek resolutions on behalf of a single student but will continue to advocate for any community issues.” Additionally, since finances are often an uncomfortable topic, it can be difficult to know if something is an individual challenge or a more widespread issue. However, Tessa Owens (M’21) has been quite open about her struggles with not receiving financial aid and working through them on Facebook and, later, on the Quest. Despite applying every year, Owens didn’t receive any financial aid in her first three years at Minerva. She could not ask for help from ASM, and Minerva cannot publicly share information about a specific student’s financial aid application, so she could not take any actions beyond continuing to apply for financial aid. Minerva’s relatively low tuition cost compared to top tier private US colleges may make it an attractive option for some students. Additionally, Minerva is one of very few US colleges that commit to meeting 100% of demonstrated financial need for all students, including that of non-U.S. citizens.  Around 80% of Minerva students receive some form of financial aid and 50% have financial aid packages of $25,000 per year, almost the annual cost of tuition, student services fees, and residential fees. Financial aid can be confusing, frustrating, and stressful at any institution, and Minerva is no exception.  A lack of clear and complete communication can add to this. It is often unclear if and when financial aid policies and program costs change as these are only intermittently communicated to students through official channels like email. The raised loan ceiling is one such example. Many students saw this as a broken promise and a particularly extreme instance of the lack of communication of important changes that reflects a more general trend in Minerva’s relationship with students when it comes to finances and other important issues. Hidden, unexpected, or forgotten expenses such as health insurance, taxes including the scholarship tax, and visa fees don’t appear in the term bill and often are significant costs. They also may vary student to student, making them difficult to predict and budget adequately. Following discussions with the ASM in efforts to increase transparency, the Minerva administration recently released a document with changes to the student handbook from the 2019-20 school to the upcoming 2020-21 school year.  The Hub also now has a library of previous Climb loan documents that was added on the financial aid Day of Action. Despite potentially high levels of stress, many students have had positive experiences with talking directly with the financial aid office.  However, these conversations are often delayed and staff may take longer than students expect to respond, perhaps because of how few people work on financial aid at Minerva.   Finances can be an emotional topic.  On Minerva’s side, there is likely a lot of pressure to consistently provide high levels of financial aid to students.  Confusion about financial aid policies can greatly increase stress for students who may be struggling to pay for their education and daily expenses.  More clear and direct communication to students on the topic of financial aid would help lower this confusion. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]), or any Quest editor. If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do. This piece is a Report. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected].
 This piece is part of a series of financial aid-focused student profiles. These student stories are part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read a report about transparency and communication in financial aid, our analysis of a student survey about financial aid, and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. The M’19 Inaugural Class alumna who was interviewed for this piece requested to remain anonymous. Given that she is a “middle-class student from a ‘developing’ country [in Asia],” she knew she would need generous financial aid to afford Minerva. “The currencies just don’t sync up,” she told the Quest. “If you’re from a country like [mine], something that’s a standard price in the US is a luxury good here.” The cost of attending was a significant factor in her decision to attend Minerva. This alum repeatedly asked Minerva staff for more details about financial aid before enrolling. She remembered being assured that she would receive a scholarship to cover at least her tuition and a loan and work-study position to pay for other expenses. At the time, work-study positions were 15 hours/week at $15/hour, so, using those numbers, she calculated her income and expenses for four years at Minerva, concluded that she could afford it, and enrolled.  For other costs that were necessary but not directly covered by Minerva’s financial aid package, this alum relied on an external sponsor. This other scholarship source only had enough funds to support her during her first year, but it paid for a new MacBook that met Minerva’s requirements — just one example of a necessary cost that Minerva’s financial aid doesn’t cover directly.  During her first year at Minerva, this alum was very confident in the reliability of the financial aid system. She had a work-study position that guaranteed her consistent hours and therefore a steady income that was sufficient to pay for everyday living costs and other expenses. In the summer after her first year, she worked on Minerva’s outreach team to recruit applicants for the class of 2021. She would do the math for prospective students and their parents to demonstrate how affordable it was.  “We were transparent about [the costs],” this alum said. “At that time, it was a really good American program financially. It really was a good option for people from middle-class families from developing countries. It was easy to justify back then.” “Basically, if you’re poor by US standards and cannot afford the ‘Minerva lifestyle,’ you have two options. Sacrifice your spare time and work — if work is even available for you in the first place — or cut down on ‘non-essential’ expenses that come with living abroad and spend a lot of time finding bargains and discounts to acquire basic necessities at the cheapest prices.” In her second year, however, this alum recalled Minerva’s decision to reduce the work-study amount from 15 to 10 hours/week to accommodate a new class of students who also needed work-study funds. She tried to ask for more hours but ended up averaging no more than 10 hours/week, losing about $75 in pre-tax weekly income. At the time, Minerva’s second-year Fall semester location was Berlin, and this alum remembers cutting back her expenses to the bare minimum while in the city — she only went out to eat three times, to celebrate birthdays with her friends. “Basically, if you’re poor by US standards and cannot afford the ‘Minerva lifestyle,’ you have two options,” this alum said. “Sacrifice your spare time and work — if work is even available for you in the first place — or cut down on ‘non-essential’ expenses that come with living abroad and spend a lot of time finding bargains and discounts to acquire basic necessities at the cheapest prices.” After struggling financially during her second year, this alum decided she wouldn’t work for Minerva’s outreach team again. She had heard from some of the M’21 students she had helped recruit that the financial aid they received fell short of the high expectations she had helped set for them — in some cases, a student’s family had to “alter their own lives” to afford Minerva. This alum told the Quest, “It was pretty devastating knowing that I played a big role in giving those students the impression that Minerva’s financial aid would be adequate.” At times, this alum’s Minerva experience was extremely disrupted by her financial situation. In order to secure a visa for one rotation city, students from her nationality had to have a minimum amount in their bank account to receive a visa. However, she barely had half the amount, so she knew she wouldn’t qualify for a visa and instead went off rotation.  Like most students on financial aid, this M’19 alum took out Climb loans to pay for costs her scholarship and work-study didn’t cover. “[The scholarship I received] was the most Minerva could give,” this alum told the Quest. “Nobody could get a full scholarship [to cover 100% of the cost of attending Minerva]. You still needed to take out a loan.”  Worried about being burdened with debt after graduation, she tried to avoid taking out loans as much as possible. By budgeting her work-study income, she managed to forego taking out a loan during her last year and paid the cost directly instead. However, the approximate $8,000 worth of debt she had to pay after graduation was still an intimidating sum, especially after converting it into her home country’s currency.  Like many other Minerva students, she knew that one of her only options for paying off her debt would be getting a high-paying job in the US or EU. To secure a lucrative position in the US, however, international applicants like herself must pay to apply for OPT and then a work visa. US H-1B work visas are awarded via a lottery process, so applicants bear the risk of being rejected. This alum knew she couldn’t afford to take that kind of risk with her financial future. “I know a lot of people in my class who worked [in the US] and still were forced to flee because they didn’t get the lottery on their side,” she told the Quest. “It was too much of a risk for me financially. I can’t afford to pay for something that doesn’t have a guarantee. I don’t have any safety nets.” Instead, this alum decided her best chance of paying back her debt was attending a graduate school on a generous grant — she successfully found a program and financial support. “I consider myself fortunate for having a relatively small loan and for getting a generous postgrad grant in a program that’s aligned with my academic interests,” she told the Quest. “However, I feel like the days I spent at Minerva living on the bare minimum haven’t ended after graduation.” Currently, this alum is living at home while attending online grad school classes. She pays for her housing, and some of her family depends on her for financial support. Given her situation, this alum is already bracing for life after completing grad school. She’s carefully budgeting her grant so that she can have savings to fall back on if she struggles to find a job in a tough market. She’s also saving up to relocate for work after she graduates from grad school, which is a requirement of her grant funding.  “I know a lot of people in my class who worked [in the US] and still were forced to flee because they didn’t get the lottery on their side. It was too much of a risk for me financially. I can’t afford to pay for something that doesn’t have a guarantee. I don’t have any safety nets.” Given the choice of starting over, the alum said that she would still enroll at Minerva again, provided that she received the same level of financial support she did during her first year. For her, the community and knowledge she gained have been worth the financial stress. In her grad school classes, for example, she has seen the skills she developed at Minerva pay off.  She was less certain, however, that she would advise younger students to enroll in Minerva given how she saw work-study income decrease during her time at the school. Instead, she advises them to “ask and ask and ask” the financial aid team about costs and financial aid options before enrolling.  “Do not think that you’re bothering them or annoying them with questions, because it is your right to know,” this alum said. “Do the math and ask Minerva if [the finances you’re quoted are] going to be the case for the next few years. Grill them with questions, because this program is always evolving. [Ask about] the hidden costs especially, tuition fees are just the surface level.” At this point, the alum pointed out, Minerva has collected survey data from multiple cohorts about living costs in every city. She believes this data should be used to make younger Minerva students aware of “hidden” but required costs like student visa fees and varying city-specific expenses. This alum also encouraged students with work-study placements to identify and try to secure roles that would give them consistent hours, like being a tech-support assistant, if they need the steady income.  Ultimately, she hopes that students demanding and receiving more information about finances at Minerva will prevent others from having their post-graduation decisions constrained as hers were. If she didn’t have to pay back her loans, this alum would have taken a job at one of the think tanks she applied to, but they didn’t pay as much as her grad school grant.  “I’m particularly worried for those who have a similar middle-class, ‘third world’ background,” this alum said, “because I now know this financial aid scheme will continue to impact their life decisions and narrow their options even after Minerva.” If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor. This piece is a Community – Profiles piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected]. 
 This piece is part of our ongoing reporting on financial aid. You can also read a report about transparency and communication in financial aid, our series of financial aid-focused student profiles, our analysis of a student survey about financial aid, and our reports on the financial aid Day of Action and subsequent town hall. Minerva students come from, study in, and will build careers in a vast array of countries. Within this international student body, there is immense variation between families’ ability to pay for college and their expectations for how much they should struggle to do so.  When providing financial aid, Minerva’s stated goal is to minimize these differences so that all students have their demonstrated financial need met “no matter who you are or what country you are from.” Yet the process of meeting this goal in a way that both Minerva and students find fair is often difficult.  This article examines how cultural and individual backgrounds influence the financial aid process in three ways: the financial need of families, assumptions about what is fair when paying for college, and a student’s willingness to take out Minerva’s student loans. Minerva’s financial aid application is intended to equally accommodate international and US students. All students complete the College Board’s CSS profile, fill out Minerva’s own financial questionnaire, and submit documents confirming their family’s financial circumstances and ability to pay for Minerva.  Several international students told the Quest about inconveniences they experienced while filling out the financial aid application, though most said the financial aid team worked with them to resolve issues. One such student was Ibukunoluwa Aribilola, an M’22 from Nigeria, who told the Quest her country’s tax schedules don’t match Minerva’s financial aid timeline. Aribilola said that while the application process is long and communication with the financial aid team is sometimes delayed, she has managed and her financial aid package was not negatively impacted. Giovanna Chaves, an M’20 from Brazil, similarly told the Quest that she struggled to accurately convey her family’s financial situation because mortgages are not common in her home country. After Chaves reached out to the financial aid office, however, she received help with completing her application. Melissa Morgenstern, Minerva’s Student Accounts Manager and the administrator most directly responsible for financial aid, told the Quest in a previous interview that “at the end of the day most tools in the US [like the CSS profile] are made for a US audience.” For example, they operate in English, disburse funds in US dollars, and are based on US college admissions and tax schedules. This reality highlights the importance of augmenting them with Minerva’s own questionnaire. Morgenstern described Minerva’s internal financial aid tools as a means for ensuring consistency of financial aid evaluations across different countries and allowing students to better explain their personal situation.  One example Morgenstern described was evaluating a family’s illiquid property. In the US, she would expect the family to know the exact price of the house and the debt on it. If a family owns a house in Eastern Europe, however, calculating these exact figures may be more difficult because “in many countries that were part of the Soviet Union, property was just given to people.” “At the end of the day most tools in the US [like the CSS profile] are made for a US audience.” The country students come from can also directly influence the costs students need to pay while at Minerva. Visa fees and the amount of time required to apply varies by nationality. One student from Pakistan wrote in the Quest’s anonymous survey, not directly covering visa fees in financial aid packages “directly discriminates against low-income students who come from countries with unprivileged passports and often have to pay a large visa fee.” As an example of visa expenses that vary by nationality, an anonymous M’19 student from Asia was required to have a significant amount of money in her bank account to receive one rotation country visa. But she barely had half of the required amount saved, so she had to study off rotation instead. Asked whether Minerva adjusts family contributions to account for large, mostly fixed expenses like visa fees, Ben Nelson told the Quest that “we take into account a family’s available income which takes into account various expenses.” A more subtle factor is that students often benefit from decreased flight costs if their rotation city is close to home, and also save on paying for Minerva health insurance for a semester if they are covered by their family’s plan in the rotation city. As Izzy Rousmaniere (M’20) pointed out in her Capstone, the increased costs of studying further from home are borne disproportionately by students who are from the African continent and other regions far from every rotation city and disadvantaged by global power relations.  Morgenstern also pointed out that Minerva’s financial aid system has to account for individual differences, regardless of a student’s home country. If a student is estranged from one or both of their parents, for instance, they would have to prove that in their application and explain how their financial situation is impacted. Antonia Boorman (M’20) is one such student who described to the Quest how difficult it was to prove in each financial aid application that she only received financial support from one parent. “I had to [establish] that every single year, which was traumatic in itself,” she said. “But [it is] also just a very difficult process because how do you prove that you don’t talk to somebody?” Several students told the Quest they have struggled to pay bills in US dollars because of shifting exchange rates. Giovanna Chaves (M’20), told the Quest that because of currency devaluation in Brazil, her home country, her first-year term bill from 2016 would cost almost twice as much Brazilian reals if she had to pay it in 2020. On an even shorter time scale, Chaves said that the exchange rate between the Brazilian real and the US dollar may change dramatically between February, when financial aid applications are due, and November, when spring term bills are due — as it did in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic.  One of the financial aid Day of Action demands was that students receive “an expected family contribution in both USD and the student’s home currency, so that currency devaluations don’t impede a student’s ability to pursue their education.” The Minerva senior team’s response to this demand acknowledged the risk of currency fluctuation but concluded that “We cannot assume all of the risk and shield students and parents entirely from currency fluctuations as this would make financial planning and budgeting unduly hard and more expensive.”  If their currency devalues, therefore, a Minerva student may be left with term bills that are increasingly hard to pay. A student from Mexico, for example, wrote in the Quest’s anonymous survey that they believe their financial aid for the 2020-2021 academic year is unfair because their total aid amount decreased despite their family’s financial situation worsening due to increased living costs and currency devaluation. A student from Brazil was similarly frustrated that their family contribution increased even though “my family’s financial condition was the same as the previous year and on top of everything our currency is so drastically devalued.” Both students said they appealed their financial aid packages, but had yet to hear back from Minerva when they completed the survey in April.  A student from Malaysia wrote in the survey that they had requested an increase in financial aid because they were struggling to pay term bills due to unfavorable exchange rates and a lack of liquid assets. According to this student, Minerva denied the request. Despite Minerva’s promises and efforts to ensure family contributions are “both fair and sustainable,” the complexities of serving a global student body using a US-centric system make it difficult to fully anticipate and meet a family’s financial need. When currencies shift or a family’s actual financial assets fall short of what is reflected in official documents, students are often left to fill in the gaps on their own.  Model: Austėja Ema Bazaraitė | Art by Emma Stiefel In addition to shaping a family’s ability to pay, students’ cultural backgrounds can influence their expectations of what is normal and fair when paying for college. As a result, even students with similar financial need may come to opposite conclusions about whether their family contribution is fair. A student’s culture can influence how much their family is willing to save and sacrifice for their education. An anonymous M’21 student from East Asia who has never applied for financial aid explained to the Quest that her family had spent years saving money to support her education. They could afford to send her to Minerva but would never consider accumulating debt or taking on other financial difficulties to send her to a more expensive school.  “[Throughout my childhood], I would go to the best school that we could afford,” this student said. “When I heard Minerva talks about how some people’s families sold their furniture just to send them to a really prestigious school I thought it was mind-blowing.” Another anonymous student who filled out the Quest’s financial aid survey wrote that their parents did not save for their education because they come from a country where education is free. They had to take out additional loans in order to afford each term bill, but they thought their expected family contribution “would be appropriate” if they had come from a place where college savings accounts are the norm. “[Throughout my childhood], I would go to the best school that we could afford.” Many other students had the alternative of attending college for much less or for free but chose Minerva because they believed in the value of the model and/or wanted to study outside of their home country. The anonymous M’21 student from East Asia was paying less than $1,000 USD in annual tuition at a local college before they decided to pay Minerva’s ~$30,000 yearly cost in full because they wanted to attend a US college. Others, like an anonymous M’20 student from Europe, could have attended college at home for free. Some, including Kristin Hudson (M’20) and an anonymous M’21 student from Europe, gave up full scholarships at other US colleges to attend Minerva.  On the other hand, Minerva was the least expensive college for some students. This group includes Aribilola and Boorman, who both had more positive evaluations of the college’s financial aid system.  Another dimension of expectations about paying for college is how responsibility should be distributed between students and Minerva. Is the institution responsible for taking on additional financial risks and securing more funding to support students, or is it fair for families to take on additional burdens instead?  The anonymous M’20 from Europe, who could have attended a local college for free, felt that she had been taken advantage of by the school’s financial policies and promises of affordability. Though she enjoyed the other aspects of Minerva, she advised students with a similar financial background to not enroll. This M’20 student’s evaluation of Minerva’s financial aid system was partially influenced by what she described as European expectations of consumer protection. She was especially disappointed by Minerva’s Manifest refund policy for M’20 students, which only gave money back to students with financial aid if their scholarship was less than the refund amount. “Minerva gave me the best they could. I really can’t imagine getting more money. Although even the amount I had to pay would sometimes be a scary sum.” “It feels very wrong, and it’s something that wouldn’t happen in Europe,” this student said. “We have a certain expectation that when you pay for a service and you can’t get the service, you get the money back. It feels like we’ve been robbed.”  Other students, however, told the Quest they were grateful for Minerva’s financial aid even though they work hard and sometimes struggle to afford to attend. Aribilola told the Quest that Minerva’s financial aid has been helpful as she budgets her work-study income and works summer jobs to save for term bills and flights. Boorman was grateful to receive any financial aid from Minerva because, as she told the Quest, “we don’t really have the right to ask for money from them.” A student similarly wrote in the Quest’s anonymous survey that “Minerva gave me the best they could. I really can’t imagine getting more money. Although even the amount I had to pay would sometimes be a scary sum.” For these students, it’s fair for the burden of attending Minerva to rest, even uncomfortably, on the backs of them and their families. Others who are more disillusioned with financial aid, however, believe that Minerva has not lived up to their promise to lighten and share that burden.  Model: Trang Thuy Tran | Art by Emma Stiefel Student debt is an infamously large and entrenched crisis in the US, especially compared to many countries where college tuition is much lower and/or covered by the government. The staggering costs and subsequent student debt burden is one of the many problematic aspects of mainstream US universities Minerva was intended to subvert. The Minerva website tells prospective students that “by keeping the cost of your education as low as possible, we help ensure you do not graduate saddled with debt.” Descriptions of the loans offered as part of Minerva’s financial aid package emphasize that they are “low-interest” and “not exceeding $22,000 across all four years.” The maximum debt amount was $20,000 until this spring, when it was increased by $2,000 to account for increased fourth-year loans for M’21 students. Minerva Schools sources student loans from Climb Credit, a US-based loan provider founded in 2014. Climb differentiates itself from other loan providers by only working with students attending programs it has deemed educationally valuable — “offering the knowledge and skills required for jobs with strong earning potential in today’s economy.” According to a 2019 Reuters article, Climb “lends $10,000 on average at an average rate of between 8.5 percent and 9 percent.” Minerva students pay a fixed 6.5 percent interest rate on Climb loans, the lowest rate offered by the provider. Students who enrolled in 2017 or later typically took out loans of $4,950 per year (pg. 4), whereas M’19 and M’20 students apparently took out $2,960 per year (pg. 4), though for M’20 loans were $4,950 in their fourth year. All students must pay interest on each of their loans while they are in college, which was about $28/month for 2019-2020 academic year loans (pg. 4). After they graduate, students must make principal and interest payments of about $139/month on each loan for 2019-2020 academic year loans and should therefore pay off their debt in three and a half years (pg. 4). Total loan amounts for Minerva cohorts over time. Loan increases for M’20 and M’21 are highlighted. M’23 and M’24 students took out one $9,900 loan that covers the 2020-21 and 2021-22 academic years. Source: Climb Credit Loan Library on the Hub (link accessible with minerva.kgi.edu email) In their initial response to the financial aid Day of Action, Minerva’s Senior Team justified these loans as part of every student’s responsibility to fund their own education. They wrote that “the first $10,000 of a student’s annual cost is borne by the student who benefits from financial aid at Minerva, either through loans (that are heavily subsidized by Minerva) or through work-study opportunities (again heavily subsidized by Minerva).”  Asked about how Minerva subsidized Climb loans, Nikolaus Pelka, Minerva’s Chief Financial Officer, told the Quest that Minerva Schools only receives a portion of the loan amount from Climb immediately; the rest is given to the school as the student pays off their debt. While Minerva expects all students to successfully pay off their debt, Pelka said “that delay in funds coming to Minerva creates real costs for the school.” While Pelka said that Minerva’s contract with Climb prevents him from disclosing further details, he told the Quest that “the part [of the loan amount] we have to wait for until the students repay the loan is very substantial” and confirmed that Minerva does not receive any interest while waiting to receive the funds. Furthermore, Climb’s public-facing FAQ page states that “foreign citizens” can only apply if they have a co-borrower who is a US citizen or permanent resident. Given that the majority of Minerva students are not US citizens but receive Climb loans without a US co-borrower, it would appear that Minerva has also negotiated an exception to this rule. Pelka did not mention this when asked about how Minerva subsidizes Climb loans, however. Minerva’s “Anti-Racist Action Plan”, which Ben Nelson emailed to students on September 18, also mentions that Pelka is working with Climb “to negotiate a loan payback that starts later than in the first year.” No further details about these negotiations were included.  The financial risk Minerva takes on to help students secure Climb loans isn’t widely known by the student body, however, and does not change the amounts students need to repay. Frustrations about the Climb loans included as part of Minerva’s financial aid packages came up time and time again in our reporting on financial aid. Multiple students have told the Quest through interviews or our financial aid survey that they disagreed with loans being counted as financial aid in the first place. Phoebe Meixner, an M’20 from the US, told the Quest that loans are “fake financial aid” and was concerned that Minerva’s terminology makes them seem equivalent to scholarships. Another student wrote in our anonymous financial aid survey that they “feel sad that loans and their repayments are all the same for all the students regardless of future job prospects, country of future work/living, and family abilities.” For many Minerva students, paying back over $20,000 USD would be extremely difficult if they were to return to their home country after college. Chaves told the Quest that “I know that right now working in Brazil is not going [to allow me] to pay back all my loans. Working in the US might, if I save enough money.”  An anonymous M’21 student from Europe told the Quest that his middle-class family’s annual income is about $5,000 USD, almost the same amount as one $4,950 Climb loan. If this student took out all four Climb loans, neglecting the fourth-year loan amount increase for M’21 students, and made the minimum payments on each, he would owe $556 per month (four principal payments of $139 and interest payments) after he graduates. If he returned home after graduation and found a middle-class job in their country’s capital, he would have to devote all of his monthly salary to paying off his debt and would still fall over $100 short. Aware of the impossibility of such a situation, this student said that after graduation he needs to take the best-paying job he can find in the US. For the first several years of his professional life, he plans to prioritize paying off his debt over his career goals. For the anonymous M’19 student from Asia, applying for a US work visa, and the potential  of getting rejected, was too much of a financial risk. If her application wasn’t successful and she lost her ability to work in the US, she had “no safety net” to fall back on. Instead, she decided her best option was to attend graduate school on a generous grant that would allow her to pay off her debt. While she was able to find a program that fit her needs, she was disappointed that her post-Minerva plans were constrained by her loan debt.  “I feel sad that loans and their repayments are all the same for all the students regardless of future job prospects, country of future work/living, and family abilities.” The many Minerva students with a similar financial background will graduate with not just ~$20,000 in debt but also the burden of securing both high-paying employment and a work visa in a wealthy country. A competitive job market and the uncertainty of securing a US OPT visa or similar work permit, two challenges that have only been exacerbated by the coronavirus pandemic, make this an exceptionally difficult prospect.  Asked about this issue, Nelson told the Quest that “From the students who have graduated from Minerva we haven’t seen any correlation between country of origin and their earning potential post Minerva.” He argued that adjusting loans depending on how burdensome it would be for a student to pay them back is difficult because there is no way to anticipate what students do post-graduation when they enroll.  Hypothetically, Nelson said, Minerva could switch to an income share agreement. Yet he concluded that because this scenario creates a greater risk of graduates not being able to pay back the full amount they received to attend college, interest rates must be raised for those who can repay the loans, and eventually students who go into high-paying professions opt-out and “the system collapses.”  While Minerva is still exploring the potential of income share agreements, for now they are committed to providing Climb loans. But, Nelson added, Minerva “allows (and encourages) any student to opt out of our loans if they can find an external source of financing that is better. We lose money on every loan that is issued under the current mechanism.” Aware of the consequences of taking out student loans, some families have done their best to pay for all costs upfront. This was the case for the anonymous M’20 student from a middle-class European family. “[My parents] didn’t want me to have that American experience of having to live thinking about loans,” the student told the Quest. “That wouldn’t happen at home. They were worried I’d have to change my life decisions based on loans.” This student successfully avoided taking out Minerva’s Climb loans, but only by taking money from savings accounts her family had intended to leave untouched. In a sense, the student told the Quest, they “took loans from [their] own accounts that [they’ll] pay back.” Some students have declined Climb loans but taken out external loans that they believe have more favorable terms. Tessa Owens, an M’21 from Canada, told the Quest that she took out a student loan from a bank in her home country instead. Meixner similarly took out extra loans with better interest rates instead of Climb loans whenever possible.  Others, like the anonymous survey respondent who wrote they needed external loans to make ends meet, have accumulated debt from other sources out of necessity rather than preferential terms. The anonymous M’21 student from Europe also told the Quest that he has accumulated $5,000 in credit card debt over the course of his three years at Minerva. “[My parents] didn’t want me to have that American experience of having to live thinking about loans.” Another potential source of student loans for some students is US federal loans, which often have favorable terms. The 6.5 percent interest rate for Minerva Climb loans has been at least 1.5 percentage points higher than the interest rate for US federal subsidized student loans for undergraduates in every year of Minerva’s operation (the federal interest rate ranged between 3.76 and 5.05 percent over this period). With few exceptions, however, only US citizens are eligible for federal student aid, automatically disqualifying the majority of Minerva students from these loans.  Furthermore, Minerva Schools does not accept any federal funding, so even eligible students cannot receive these loans. “Student loan programs of the US federal government come with an array of rules and obligations that Minerva as an institution would have to follow,” Pelka told the Quest. “That might not be an unreasonable expectation if the vast majority of our student population would stand to benefit. In reality, only a small portion of our students are eligible and all international students would be excluded from receiving any kind of federal loan funds.” He clarified that while some of these federal rules have desirable goals like reducing discrimination and tracking sexual assault, complying with these federal rules would cost Minerva “several hundred thousand dollars a year.” Given these costs, Climb loans will likely remain the only student loans available through Minerva. While Climb loans are intended to be as affordable as possible and are made more so by Minerva’s negotiations, the burden they create varies depending on a student’s financial background, country of origin, and assumptions about fair interest rates and debt amounts.  Minerva’s financial aid system promises to create an affordable experience for students regardless of their financial background and country of origin. Compared to many other US colleges and the US federal financial aid system, which mostly ignore international students, Minerva has built an exceptional system that serves students fairly regardless of nationality. Assessing financial aid only at the institutional level and only by US standards, however, neglects the experiences of students who struggle to afford Minerva and feel that the school has not lived up to its promises. The financial aid system does not currently fully account for many factors, like post-graduation job prospects, that can make a Minerva education much more difficult to afford for international students. Minerva’s financial aid team has made progress on adapting the application to meet the needs of a global student body, but many challenges have still not been fully addressed and some, such as currency devaluation, may never be mitigated. As it is now, the financial aid system works well for some families. Many current and prospective Minerva students, however, must work hard on their own to fill gaps between what they know they need to pay for college and Minerva’s evaluation. If you are interested in sharing your experiences with money and financial aid at Minerva with the Quest, please reach out to Emma Stiefel ([email protected]), Erin Paglione ([email protected]) or any Quest editor. If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.  This piece is a Report. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected]
 “It hasn’t been a year since you bought it, should Macbooks break this easily?” “Can I not go to class?” “Didn’t you say makeup work takes more time than class?” “Just today. I am not able to solve even the smallest problem.” “Math problems?” “Math? Hah, NO. Life problems. Like refreshing my AV when I’m stuck in class because of the internet connection. Or dealing with the feeling when the professor says we have a minute left for the reflection poll. I don’t want to try to keep the conversation going in a breakout group so others won’t see me as lazy. I don’t even have the energy to find my other sock.”  Just for today, can I give up?  She closed the door behind her, kneeled in front of the bed, and put her head on the sheets. She had two choices; to cry her heart out or vomit her feelings away like a cat getting out a furball. It had to get out somehow; it had been boiling inside for months now. Although vomiting is quite fast, it smells bad, and it is pretty ugly. She chose to cry; crying does leave you time to think through your next step; it was just the beginning of the day, and she had a lot to do. Like sending emails, adapting in a pandemic, doing dishes and pre-class work problems she was never going to use. Such was life as created as a concept. C’est la vie.  “You’re waiting for the fall break too? I think we all need it. I need it. These have been… quite some, *sigh*, tough times,” says the professor. Three students miss the same class, students who are usually intense in the best way, hyperattentive students. She reaches out because she’s curious.  Student 1 replies: “I feel depressed because I had nausea and had acidity the whole time.” Student 2 replies: “I DIED SORRY” “You died??” “Yes. I was about to enter class when I had a really bad panic attack. Fuck, I’m so mad at myself.” “I recommend you watch Emily in Paris. That’s what I did yesterday when I gave up for the day and missed physics class. I binge-watched Emily in Paris.” Student 3 asked: “What do I do if I don’t feel like getting out of bed?” “You stay in bed.” Even new MacBooks break.   What is it exactly she felt when she broke? It was a feeling of pure sadness without any reason behind it. Being afraid that everything and everything will hurt and kill you, including your own breath, while getting triggered by the sound of your own thoughts. The world is not so physical anymore. It deteriorates into this loud scream that whispers in pain, and your own body’s flesh is sickened by you. You’re afraid that even the smallest move you make will set the bomb off, leaving you in a state of being stabbed to death but never dying. Your chest overheats and breathes the feeling of mint, and then it falls down to your stomach. The mind is out there, a deserter of the body, too afraid and disgusted to come back to the madness party. The eyes always look calm, probably because they’re unplugged. You melt, taking with you everything you touch, transforming like lava. But then you don’t want to be a liquid anymore, you’re terrified you’re going to evaporate without ever being found.  She is doing two pieces of makeup work today for the classes she missed because of the anxiety. In the class recordings she hears: Missed class 1 professor: “I feel as if there was no Fall break people would just be pushing and pushing. So it’s good we have Fall break. You use it as an excuse for being this tired. At least something to help us do that. Thanks, Fall.” Missed class 2 professor: “How are you all?” Student: “Could be worse.” Professor: “Yeah.” Nature gives us a pandemic, and adults leave us to tackle the destruction of global warming. Remember, they don’t believe you know what responsibility is until you have your own kids. They, parents, have always had it worse at school – they’ve walked for miles in the snow. You are just a young person away in a foreign country, with only 3 hours of sleep, eating bread and bananas for a week now because the city is in lockdown. Oh, you also walk for miles through dangerous and foreign neighborhoods so you can save up from paying transport. And a war might break out in the neighboring country pretty soon. How can you possibly know what responsibility is? Can I give up just for a day? “Don’t be a drama queen, just to do it. Others have it worse. People are dying of starvation; people have incurable diseases. People are living in war, and orphans are suffering alone. You’re physically healthy, so you have to push yourself.”            It’s not us.   Huh? It’s the world, not us, who’s at fault. I think it’s hella brave to realize what you’re going through and choose to address it instead of making it worse. You give up for a day. You sit with it,  you talk to it,  you pat it on the back.  How dare the World steal that from us?
 All Minerva students have to pay student visa fees in order to complete the global rotation, but the total amount varies significantly depending on nationality. Some rotation countries raise fees for specific nationalities, increasing costs. On the other hand, if a student is a citizen of a rotation country, they save money by not having to apply for a visa. This interactive chart shows how rotation country visa fees for Minerva students add up over the course of the four year program. For the best experience, please view this interactive data visualization on a laptop, not a mobile device. Please follow this link to view this interactive data visualization and article.
 this article was written as part of the author’s tutorial on migration, mobility and borders With my university graduation approaching, I am often confronted by the question of what to do after I graduate, and inextricably tied to this is the aspect of geography: where shall I go? To me, both academia and the corporate sector sounds like capitalist hellscapes, with limited opportunities to apply what I learn. My thoughts about where to settle are further complicated by my undergraduate studies, because of which over the last three years, I have lived in San Francisco, Seoul, Hyderabad, Berlin, Buenos Aires, and now London, in bouts of four months.  In The Black Jacobins, a book about the history of the Haitian Revolution, Trinidadian historian C.L.R. James writes, “The first step to freedom was to go abroad.” Here, James prescribed travel to the non-white people of the Caribbean. He argued that travel was the antidote to a deep sense of inferiority in the Caribbean people resulting from generations of subjugation by white, colonial powers. So, James elaborates, “they had to clear from their minds the stigma that anything African was inherently inferior” to develop a West Indian national identity and to advance the project of decolonization.  “Freedom” means something different to everyone, with ideological commitments playing a prominent role in these meanings. I will not attempt to prescribe a universal definition. Instead, I can describe my idea of freedom which is grounded in my experience of growing up in Dhaka, Bangladesh. In Dhaka, my experience of freedom, or lack thereof, was felt most direly in my status as a female-gendered person. From a young age, I was constantly put down, physically violated, and policed according to hypocritical body standards. My actions invited scorn from religious conservatives, liberal middle classes, men, women, and peers alike who thought my personhood came second to my gender role in a patriarchal society. Beyond this, there was my perceived obligation to obey my elders as a young person, and so my freedoms were bounded on at least these two fronts. My disadvantages were only compounded by the absence of a father figure in my Hindu-Muslim household. I was made to feel my existence living with a single, working-class mother in a predominantly homogenous Muslim country was unusual, at worst, a mistake.  I have wanted to subject myself to a profound amnesia: to forget Bangladesh. The consequences of patriarchy are a pervasive reality in Bangladesh. The Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee (BRAC) found that 94% of Bangladeshi women report being sexually harassed in public. Poor women in particular, including those from rural areas, face multiple oppressions owing to informal labour markets, lack of access to quality education, and unpaid, productive work in addition to care work. Yet, these poor women are economised as an “untapped resource” under neoliberal development models which additionally impose on them the responsibility to lift their families out of poverty, calling it “empowerment”. Non-Bengali Indigenous women, deprived of formal recognition, subject to landlessness and a lack of civil rights, face further challenges at the intersection of indigeneity, gender, and food insecurity. Gender-variant peoples are not spared from similar challenges: human rights initiatives have not redressed the marginalization of the Hijra people in social and economic spheres, who as of 2015, were denied government jobs because they failed a genitalia-based medical examination.  As a consequence of my personal experiences and the grim statistics on gendered oppressions in Bangladesh, I agree with James about the imperative of going abroad, but my aims are different. I desire no development of national consciousness. In fact, I have wanted to subject myself to a profound amnesia: to forget Bangladesh. Embarking on my final year of college, my feelings have not changed. What difference could three years make to my rigid sentiment?  Often, I cannot express how Bangladesh alienated me without a nagging feeling of guilt. Previously, Bangladeshis, at home or abroad, have bombarded me with notions of “pride in one’s background.” I was told that it was no problem to strive for achievement and residence, even citizenship, under Western capitalism, but I could not forget where I came from. I was accused of self-hate and over-exaggeration, and sometimes, I was ridiculed.  On the other hand, my cousin in Bangladesh would occasionally complain about my privilege of education. According to the line of thinking my cousin shares, men in Bangladesh are sexually repressed due to conservative norms, and they lack the education required to make feminists out of them. Conversely, I am privileged, with an understanding of my rights, which can only result from a certain type of education.  “There are no role-models for me, ” he protests. While this rationale overlooks the decades of organizing by gendered minorities in Bangladesh without my type of privileged education, such as women-led labour unions in the garments sector, what difference does it make to the question at hand? I feel estranged from the place of my birth, disempowered to make changes there, and I wish to remain abroad, anywhere but there.  However, I will concede the challenges of critique. Consider Monica Ali, a Bangladeshi-born British writer, who is best known for her book, Brick Lane. The book portrays the life of Nazneen, a woman who grew up in rural Bangladesh and then migrated to London in an arranged marriage with a significantly older man. Later featured as a film, Brick Lane faced severe backlash from Bangladeshi Muslims in London for its portrayal of their community as “ignorant and sexist”. Though my first instinct was to protest the unfairness of those accusations, a history of racialized murders and Islamophobia inflicted on the Bangladeshi-British community, which has only escalated since 9/11, made me reconsider. Perhaps, Ali does have a responsibility to censor—or at least to more carefully construct—the narrative, and so do I. Is it worth the trouble? Thus, at the same time as I reflect on my background and the details of my storytelling, I have also been on the search for other homes during my semesters abroad. I found communities where I felt comfortable in San Francisco, Hyderabad, and even Berlin and Seoul despite the language barrier. However, the bureaucratic hurdles of applying for residency or citizenship in any of these locations have discouraged me. Furthermore, migrant women to the Western locations are often expected to present themselves as victims of misogyny from elsewhere and show their willingness “to become modern subjects (women) in accord with a white European sense of gendered agency and of state belonging”. In other words, I worry that as I look, the new cultures have and will look back at me with an unwelcoming, pathologized gaze.  Is it worth the trouble? I believe the most promising candidate for a place I could belong to is a place that I have yet to visit. During my semester in Germany, on an overnight train ride to Switzerland, we stopped for a few hours in the city of Erfurt. I sought refuge from the cold November wind at a coffee shop, where I remember staring at my reflection in the glass walls, nothing else to do, as the most captivating melody began playing on the café speaker. I suspected that I’d heard the song before, the kind overplayed in social gatherings and restaurants, but something about the moment made me feel a puzzling sense of attachment. I traced the origins of the song, and the following semester, when I was in Argentina, I began to read more about it; I learned about the Buena Vista Social Club and more generally, about Cuba, prompted by the writings of an Argentine Marxist revolutionary.  Gradually, as I learned more about Cuba, more things began to resonate with me—the Cuban revolution became an inspiration for me in how it stood against barbaric US imperialism, its ethos of medical internationalism, its commitment to racial justice, its guarantee of equality regardless of gender in the Constitution (Article 43), and its political leaders’ willingness to admit their faults and proactively take steps to support sexual minorities. Cuba is no idyllic gender heaven, but remarkable progress has been made since the revolution. Most importantly, Cuba’s resilience as a socialist political symbol for freedom makes me feel that the challenges are more surmountable in Cuban society. All of this has circulated to bring me to my answer to where my search for home could lead to, and relatedly, who I am.  The colour of my passport is green. The colour of my skin is brown. The colour of the flag on my wall, however, is blue, white, and red. When people ask me where I am from, aspirationally, my response is, “Havana.” 
 This piece is part of a series exploring the many manifestations of privileges and prejudices at Minerva through student stories. You can read the introduction of the series here or more student stories on race, gender, class, ability, nationality, or religious discrimination. I never felt home in my home country.  That feeling stemmed from being different from my surrounding homogenous society. I grew up as a Coptic Christian (aka minority) in Egypt. As a result, I struggled with exclusion, racism, and bigotry. I always felt the urge to hide part of my identity whenever I met someone for the first time to avoid their prejudice & racist beliefs from kicking in before they actually got to know me.  In 2013, my family decided to immigrate to the US after a mass attack on churches all over Egypt. Unfortunately, we couldn’t afford to immigrate to the US. So, I spent sleepless nights trying to come up with another way to get to the US (I thought it was the land of freedom and dreams, I know I was so naive). One day I woke up and I had this crazy idea that I was going to study really hard to get higher education in the US, and once I land in the US,  I will figure out how to get my family there. Fast forward seven years, the reality in the US hit me hard, and I knew I was never gonna find home where people accept me without judgmental beliefs.  After spending two years at Minerva, I realised that, sadly, the struggle was inescapable.  Again, I found myself being judged for my identity and batting with racist comments, this time not for my religious beliefs but for being an Egyptian, an Arab, and from the Middle East.  There are a few types of people I have met at Minerva: “Like, do you really live in the desert?” “Do you use camels for transportation?” That is mostly the first thing I hear when I tell people that I am from Egypt. Honestly, at the beginning of freshman year, I thought people were joking, or maybe they thought it was a good icebreaker? But later I realized that they really mean it when they ask these questions. Apparently, many people think that Egypt was trapped in the past with no digital edge while all other countries developed. 2. The “wow, you know how to code?” type A considerable amount of people at Minerva doubted my intelligence when working on projects together just because I am a female Egyptian. I still remember vividly when I finished one of my civic projects, expecting to celebrate with my friends, only to hear from my friend that they thought I was not going to be able to finish the coding task successfully and they were so irrationally shocked. I asked for explanations. I still can’t believe that this person had the courtesy to tell me to my face: I didn’t think that female Egyptians receive higher education, let alone being good at a stem field. That wasn’t the only time people underestimated my abilities only because my background and the way I look doesn’t fit how they picture coders, but it was definitely the first time someone provided such a blunt and hurtful justification.  3. The “racist pickup lines” type “Are you an Arab? Cause you blow me away” I heard lines like that many times and they were always accompanied by a weird laugh where the person implied that Arabs are terrorists but somehow expected me to find this line amusing. The racist comments about Arabs being terrorists weren’t only confined to pick up lines. Apparently, to many of my classmates, this is a good material for making jokes; to the point that I avoid using words such as “explode” or “bombs” because I know somehow they will be twisted and used as jokes for the entire week long. I have even been sent videos and memes that (explicitly) depict Arabs as terrorists. And again, I am accused of being an uptight person because I didn’t see that funny. 4. The “lol, you speak English with an Arabic accent” type  During the first couple of weeks during freshman year, some Minervans pointed out that I have an Arabic accent. Not only that, but some classmates thought it was funny to mimic my accent.   That honestly stuck with me for a long time. I can’t even start to tell you how many conversations I missed out on because of that comment. Whenever I wanted to speak in class or have a nice conversation with a classmate, I always felt self-conscious and scared of being perceived as stupid just because my accent doesn’t sound “right”.  5. The “stop being close-minded and adapt western culture” type Well, it’s no surprise to hear that comment after all these stories, right? I still remember when one of my classmates accused me of being closed-minded only because I said no to something that goes against my morals/principles. He went on to encourage me to adapt western culture and guilt trip me because according to him “I  act like I come from a retraded country”.  I used to laugh it off because I didn’t want to be seen as a joykill. But it reached a point where I couldn’t take it anymore. I never thought I would call people out because discrimination and racism is something that I constantly experienced in my country. There’s always this fear of saying something because the “weakest” side will always be blamed. I thought I was used to it. I faced it for 20 years. I thought when I lived in the US it would be better. That people would accept me for who I am. but it’s the same. They just judge me for different things.  I realized I had to put a stop to that when I was talking to one of my friends about my experience with racism at Minerva, and every time she said sorry you experienced that, I said I was used to it. It is not okay to be used to it. It is not okay to carry this burden all the time. It is not okay to cause unhealable wounds when you make racist comments. This piece is a Perspective piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected]. If you would like to share your story, please contact Aspen Pflughoeft ([email protected]), Amulya Pilla ([email protected]), or Ibukun Aribilola ([email protected]). If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.
 Racial inequalities. White Privilege. Black Lives Matter. Colorism. Racism. Many of us heard these words over the summer. We may have even seen them in Instagram infographics or Twitter commentaries. We might have opened our Minerva emails to read them in institution-wide statements.  Others of us have lived them. And we have all contributed to them.  Wait, what does that mean? Racism, colorism, sexism, ableism, classism, and any other -ism’s all inevitably manifest at Minerva. They intersect, weave themselves together, overlapping and diverging to create one immense, invisible, painful mess. Many individuals in our community have long contended with oppressive systems of one form or another. And even more individuals in our community have long perpetuated oppressive systems.  And even more individuals in our community have long experienced and perpetuated oppressive systems, whether we know it or not. Because relationships at Minerva start from scratch during Foundation Week, but socialization does not. When we entered Minerva, we entered with the oppressive systems of our prior socialization, with the problematic concepts of prejudice and privilege. Prejudice and privilege are not merely concepts. Prejudice and privilege manifest themselves in our Minerva community. The -ism’s we condemn when we see them in the news are the same -ism’s we perpetuate in our Minerva community.  Well, we’re glad you asked, because that question is exactly what this Quest series seeks to explore through the personal narratives of Minerva students. Before we begin, we must ask, are you ready? Are you ready to humble yourself enough to realize that you do not know what others have experienced? Are you ready to listen to other people and learn from them? Are you ready to admit that you have been part of the problem? And are you ready to be part of the solution? Because, ready or not, here we go: If you’re new to this discussion, we’re excited you’re here!  Prejudice, privilege, and discrimination is not a new topic for the Quest or the Minerva community. Recent events have brought it back to the forefront, but this conversation has slowly accumulated for years. We recognize that who contributes to the Quest is heavily influenced by privilege, particularly of class and English language ability, a topic we aim to talk about more as part of this series. Consequently, published Quest pieces have also been shaped by these forces. We humbly recognize that even as the Quest gives a platform for voices against discrimination, the Quest has also perpetuated such systems. More recent initiatives such as our reward system for financially compensating writers as well as our continued openness towards publishing non-English pieces aim to address these shortcomings within the Quest. As we renew this discussion of privilege and prejudice, we must not neglect the voices who have spoken up before, such as those speaking… As feminist as the Minerva institution and individual students try to be, sexism remains a very real problem amongst our community. From sexual assault to unrealistic beauty standards to gender broadly, multiple students have spoken out about privilege abuses of gender. These stories include… For years, students have been publishing their concerns about and experience with racism at Minerva and among the Minerva community. Some of these personal narratives include… This past June, the Quest covered Precedent, a Minerva event focused on racism, in this report by Emma Stiefel. Shortly before, three students voiced their concerns about Precedent in a series of articles: Another form of privilege manifests in the way our Minerva community talks — or doesn’t talk — about finances, class, and money in general. Rebecca Mqamelo spearheaded this discussion with her article Broke, Different, and Never Heard.  Since May, the Quest has published many student stories on the broad topic of financial aid. These profiles include… This series is also ongoing with more profiles coming soon. Inherently, nationalism involves the prejudices of one country against any or every other country. This particular manifestation of prejudice has been critiqued in multiple student works including… Extraordinary can come in many different forms, but even with Minerva’s promise to not discriminate disabilities, some students have still suffered from the lack of accommodations. Ableism, broadly defined as discriminating against people with disabilities and biasing towards able-bodied people, remains a major problem for some students. Some of these stories include…  For some students, religion is a major facet of their life but the Minerva community and institutional environment can foster religious discrimination. While this topic has not been discussed quite as much, an Anonymous Student shared their experiences in The Athiest Christian. This series is put together by Aspen Pflughoeft (M’22), Amulya Pilla (M’22), and Ibukunoluwa Aribilola (M’22).  If you would like to share your story, please contact one of us — Aspen Pflughoeft ([email protected]), Amulya Pilla ([email protected]), or Ibukun Aribilola ([email protected]). We recognize that we do not fully represent the Minerva student body, which is why we invite and encourage you to reach out to us with your personal experiences.  If you are interested in writing a personal piece or a report for the Quest on this topic, we encourage you to apply to receive payment for your work in hopes of incentivizing more students to contribute and partially compensating those who do.
 This year the Class of 2023 faces unexpected changes to their global rotation. Typically, the second year rotation cities are Seoul, South Korea in the fall and Hyderabad, India in the spring. Minerva administration announced via the Community Portal on July 3rd that Minerva would not operate in Seoul this fall. Instead, Seoul will be a Spring 2021 rotation city with Hyderabad removed from the 2020-2021 rotation schedule. In the July 3rd announcement, the senior team cited “visas, travel restrictions, and government regulations intended to protect the health of students and residents of Seoul” as the rationale for not operating in Seoul this fall. The initial announcement provided no further explanation for why Seoul was moved to the spring rather than suspended or why Hyderabad was suspended rather than remaining the spring city. Rather, students were told that Hyderabad remote programming would take place in the fall semester, in lieu of the city’s suspension. When asked for further explanation on the changes to Seoul, Ben Nelson said that “both the university [Hanyang] and our residence hall asked us not to come for the fall semester because of the COVID situations in various countries outside of Korea and the strict quarantine requirements in Korea, suggesting we come in the spring instead. We have a contract with the residence hall in Seoul for this year that they were willing to push out by a few months but not by a whole year whereas we had no such commitment in Hyderabad for this year. Furthermore, COVID appears to be very well controlled in Korea at this point whereas it is on a significant rise in India.” Nelson also said that these changes were temporary but that the uncertainty of the future makes it difficult to plan further than a few months ahead. With no official Fall city, M’23s were given the choice of studying in another operating city — San Francisco, Berlin, or London — or remotely. This is the first time that a cohort has not had an official city.  The initial response from M’23 was shock. Mateus de Sousa Shields (M’23) told the Quest that, “We never really knew what was going to happen, but we were very optimistic due to how well South Korea was handling the pandemic. There were many different rumors about whether or not it would happen.” Another M’23, Allison Lehn, shared that, “Minerva’s communication seemed like confirmation of rumors. People figured it out slowly. The news trickled down. People had heard about it before the announcement. I was still shocked because Seoul was doing so well, but I realized that we [foreigners] are the problem, not Seoul. I’m glad that we’ll still end up going there.” When asked about the anticipated effect the changes would have on M’23, Nelson stated that “from an academic perspective there should be very little impact as we have had many students study in cities in the rotation that are not in sequence, remotely, or with other students not in their cohort. Not being with the cohort will be challenging for some students though, again, many have chosen to take various paths throughout their Minerva journeys and a semester (if indeed COVID resolves to the point where it will be just a semester), should hopefully be a minor inconvenience that will be counteracted by the opportunity to meet and establish close relationships with students from other years.” So far, however, the decision of where to study this fall has weighed heavily on many students. Lehn shared that, “We just kept saying, ‘at least we’ll see each other in Seoul’ — but now we’re not all going to be in the same place all together. And we were all sad about that. And I think that sadness drove people’s decision making. They wanted to be with the most amount of people. ” De Sousa Shields said that, “Deciding what city to go to was one of the hardest decisions many of us have had to make. Deciding between friends, deciding between cities, and guessing where you think you could get in… at least having the alternative choice gave us something to think about so we weren’t just sitting in disappointment.” The full impact of having a scattered cohort will continue to show throughout the semester. With a combination of cohort-specific programming and location-based programming, M’23 will have opportunities targeted at connecting as a cohort and connecting to their location.  The July 3rd announcement introduced the fall Hyderabad Remote Programming in lieu of the city’s removal. The specifics of the programming are still in development and more information will be shared with M’23 as plans are finalized. As for the Hyderabad on-the-ground staff, Nelson said that these staff were offered different roles at Minerva. When he heard about the Hyderabad Remote Programming, de Sousa Shields said that, “My first reaction was ‘eye roll’. I haven’t really thought about it too much. I’m trying to not pass judgement until it happens. Sometimes Minerva surprises me with the quality of their events, sometimes not, so good luck to them!” Lehn shared similar concerns for the programming, “I hope that what they do doesn’t feel completely worthless. That we learn something valuable and meaningful, that it’s educational and a little bit informative. Maybe more like a guide for the future, not something aimed to be a fully comprehensive experience.” Another M’23, Jade Bowler, expressed skepticism saying, “I understand they’re trying their best, but I don’t see how the odd session will come close to experiencing Hyderabad in person. I worry the sessions will fall on stereotypes or skim the surface of Indian culture in a problematic way. ‘Like here, try this good food. Congrats, now you’ve experienced India.’” The administration seemed aware of these concerns with the programming. Nelson said that, “We hope that students will take the time and participate fully but if we thought that remote programming could be an effective and full substitute to being on the ground then we wouldn’t have bothered with the rotation in the first place. Hopefully, students will find the programming valuable.” Teri Cannon, Acting Dean of Students, shared that “Because M’23s are remote and in all three cities, [Hyderabad Remote Programming] is a way of providing a shared experience in a meaningful way that continues to build students’ intercultural competency and experiences and builds community.” According to Manu Jayamohan, one of the staff on the Hyderabad Remote Programming Team, “We understand that the experience will not be the same as being on-ground in Hyderabad. However, we are going to try to create the next best thing. We are looking at this semester as an opportunity to build your bucket list for India, in the hopes that, when you do come to this beautiful country at some point in your lives, you will have networks and contacts, experiences, and localized recommendations to seek out and explore. Through this virtual semester, in addition to providing the Hyderabadi experience, we are going to broaden our events to include elements from other regions of India as well, providing students with more of an Indian semester compared to previous cohorts.” Jayamohan wanted to personally share with M’23, “I assure you 100% that it is not going to be perfect. We might have way more bumps along the road than we would like to as we too are trying to figure all of this out for the first time and we have got way more questions than answers for now. This is where we hope you come in. We want to have a dialogue with you about what this semester will look like. The Hyderabad team will have regular office hours throughout the semester and we hope to see you guys there with ideas and enthusiasm to make the best out of this semester. I know things don’t look great but as a great wizard once said in a beautiful fantasy book series, ‘Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if only one remembers to turn on the light.’ We hope to turn on that light with you guys.”
 Pandemic Shock: (noun) the feelings of disorientation and stress experienced by someone when suddenly subjected to pandemic-induced changes in their way of life, behavior, and culture.  — (Source: Aspen Pflughoeft) The COVID-19 pandemic has overwhelmed healthcare systems, countries, economies — and individuals. Many people found their lives overhauled by the pandemic-spurred changes. Lockdowns have changed how businesses of all shapes and sizes operate. Quarantine has changed lifestyles, relationship dynamics, and behaviors while exposing and exacerbating deep pre-pandemic economic and racial inequities. Reopenings have changed where, when, and how we go places. Shortages have changed our access to essential goods and services. Masks have changed our body language and emotional expressions. Social distancing has changed interpersonal interactions, particularly around strangers and non-family members. Adjusting to those changes has not been a walk in the park (especially if you’re in lockdown) because we’re not just experiencing a pandemic. We’re experiencing culture shock. Oxford dictionary defines culture shock as “the feeling of disorientation experienced by someone when they are suddenly subjected to an unfamiliar culture, way of life, or set of attitudes.” It’s that underlying feeling of being overwhelmed by the differences in sights, sounds, and behaviors around you and not knowing how to respond, and feeling a deep sense of not belonging. That slight anxiety of not knowing the socially acceptable way to eat a meal, use public transportation, or greet someone. That sense of feeling slightly out of place, unsure of where and how you fit. That frustration of feeling that the old way — your way — was better, easier, simpler. We’re experiencing culture shock. Most commonly, people experience culture shock when they travel to another country or a drastically different region of their own country. Really though, who says culture shock can’t occur within one’s own culture when socially acceptable behaviors change overnight? That’s exactly what this pandemic has caused. We’re experiencing the culture shock of a pandemic, Pandemic Shock, if you will. We’re having to adjust to a new way of living, a physically-distanced culture that suddenly values public health and cleanliness more than ever before. From small interactions with a store clerk to international politics, the pandemic has caused cultural changes, and done so with a key characteristic — no one chose this. As a Minerva student, I chose to study around the globe and I willingly accepted the cultural adjustment challenges (and opportunities) that would bring. But no one chose this pandemic. The Pandemic Shock that we face now has been forced upon us. The non-consensual but required adjustments have left many of us struggling with feelings of anxiety, uncertainty, and frustration. When considered this way, COVID-19 has put us all in Pandemic Shock. So why not respond accordingly, using what we know about culture shock? Widely studied and more widely experienced, insights on overcoming culture shock provide a starting point for ways to overcome Pandemic Shock. Naturally, adjusting looks different for each individual. Some will adjust quickly while others may struggle. Regardless of where you are in your adjustment journey, commonly effective strategies will still help you along — or help you help someone else. To set the stage, I am a white, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, English-speaking female, raised mostly in the Midwest U.S., even attending the same small school kindergarten to graduation. For me, any place that wasn’t flat and corn-covered was drastically different from my usual. I have always enjoyed travelling, but I had never been away from the corn-fields of the Midwest for more than four weeks before moving to San Francisco my first year at Minerva. Naturally, living in SF came as a jolt… as did Seoul and Hyderabad this past year. From small slips (like the first time grocery shopping in Seoul, when I forgot to take a backpack and hauled sooo many heavy bags back to the res hall) to major mistakes (like when I didn’t cover my head before entering a particular Hindu temple in Hyderabad or shook a Muslim man’s hand in SF not knowing that he only wanted to make skin contact with his wife), I have learned to adjust to the culture around me.  Through trial and error, I’ve gathered a personally-tested and personally-proven arsenal of adjustment tips and tools: In total honesty, we do not always enjoy culture shock, Pandemic Shock, or really any change at all. We may honestly still think deep down that our way was better or that the current restrictions are ‘overblown,’ ‘ridiculous,’ or ‘burdensome.” But cultural adjustments are not always for you. They are also for the people around us to be safe and cared for. Because, let’s face it, the pandemic is not over. The effects will linger for a long time to come — and who knows what other unforeseen changes may come in the future. Being prepared to adapt, adjust, and transform will help you grow into a more socially responsible individual. As we all adjust to new video-calling platforms, social norms and expectations, educational functioning, international regulations, and everything in between, overcome the Pandemic Shock with kindness and graciousness, for others and for yourself. At the end of the day, you can’t leave yourself behind just like you can’t ignore that this is not just about you. This is a long way from over; but we can and we will overcome and transform through the journey, despite the growing pains along the way.
 This spring, governments of all levels issued COVID-19-induced border closures, lockdowns, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. For San Francisco, the city that constantly faces a crisis of homelessness found itself at the intersection of two crises. However, much to the surprise of officials, only around 200 positive cases have been recorded from homeless populations in San Francisco, with over 100 of these coming from the same cluster outbreak in a shelter back in April. Compared to San Francisco’s overall count of 12,155 cases and California’s count of 910,847 cases, this count is incredibly low.  While case counts are subject to data limitations, the overall trend is clear: homeless populations have not experienced the extensive disease spread that was intuitively expected of such a vulnerable population.  Part of the explanation for this phenomenon is San Francisco’s local Project Roomkey initiative. Announced in March by the state government, Project Roomkey aimed to provide emergency housing for 15,000 homeless individuals in empty hotel rooms. The project involved collaborative efforts across state governments, city governments, local hotels, and various local community organizations serving homeless populations. Project Roomkey is the first large-scale initiative of its kind and the first to emphasize a localized and individualized response by foregrounding community organizations in the implementation of the program. Individuals with a roomkey would have access to food and laundry services, allowing them to follow self-isolation and quarantine measures.  In San Francisco, Project Roomkey initially promised to house the city’s entire homeless population, an estimated 7,000 individuals. However, the final approved funding allotted for the project only extended hotel housing for 2,000 individuals. Alameda County Health Care for the Homeless​ Organization spearheaded the implementation of the project.  To enter the program, individuals needed a referral from any partnering health care provider. Referrals were issued on two criteria: 1) the individual did not have a suitable residence (i.e. living on the street), and 2) the individual had underlying medical conditions which made them a population at higher-risk for COVID-19. Hotels that participated in the program were guaranteed 75% reimbursement for the costs of both rooms and support programs. Still, the program offered a stable, albeit alternative and unconventional, income for a sector hard-hit by the pandemic’s sharp decline in tourism. So far, San Francisco’s Project Roomkey currently houses 2,377 individuals in hotel rooms. In total, 3,247 unique individuals have been served by the program, according to the city’s running alternative housing tracker. Uniquely to San Francisco, local organizations have aimed to use Project Roomkey as a means for providing other supportive interventions for individuals in the program including alcohol and drug management initiatives. So far, the effectiveness of these secondary initiatives has not yet been evaluated. The future of Project Roomkey is currently uncertain as funding extends only through November. While the state government has expressed the desire to turn the emergency housing relief into long-term housing solutions by partnering with local organizations to buy hotel buildings, the implementation of this plan faces significant obstacles and a timeline beyond November’s end-of-funding date. This ongoing uncertainty of the program’s future is one area under substantial criticism. Within San Francisco, data from March to August shows that the death rate among homeless populations has tripled. The specific causes of these deaths are unknown and subject to many complex variables; however, critics say that San Francisco’s city government did not take enough measures fast enough to protect its homeless populations. The increased death rate is seen as reflective of the project shortcomings. Despite these criticisms, San Francisco’s Project Roomkey offers some insight for similar initiatives in other cities and for another iteration of the project within San Francisco. The project modeled effective and efficient collaboration among diverse institutions, including governments, businesses, and community organizations. The project also offered a model for integrating multiple programs —emergency housing and substance-abuse recovery initiatives— together.  Just like the pandemic that spurned its conception, the longer-term consequences of Project Roomkey for San Francisco’s homeless populations will show in the coming months. Regardless, the project has shown substantial effectiveness in helping to keep COVID-19 infection rates low for vulnerable populations on the streets. This piece is a REPORTS piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected].
 This piece is part of an ongoing series called With Love From. You can read the rest of the articles here. If you would like to send some love from your corner of the world this semester, please contact Precious ([email protected]), Helen ([email protected]), Lyon ([email protected]), Adaobi ([email protected]), or Arden ([email protected]). Today, Kansas City in the US is sending us all love! Kansas City is a city on the border of Kansas and Missouri, and today, it is sending us love through Zane Sand, an M’21. According to Zane, three fun facts about Kansas City that immediately come to mind are the “super speedy fast internet” in the city, the wonderfully interactive and nice people who live there, and the unique mixture of both conservatives and liberals in the city. He noted that there’s a bit of Berlin culture, which he has found particularly interesting. Altogether, it is a city he has fallen in love with.So far this semester, Zane has had a pretty seamless transition into academic activities as he had been working remotely for the previous eight months and has been remote before. So it hasn’t been an entirely major shift to a more school-focused time. However, having gone on rotation in Seoul, Hyderabad, and Berlin, he says there is a connection and sense of community that being present in the rotation city with your peers brings. This, specifically, is one of the things that excites him the most when preparing for a rotation city. According to him, “something is missing when you are remote because you have to go out and find people that are excited to explore the city with you; you can’t really knock on your neighbor’s door and ask if they want to get pho at 11 PM.” And as the only Minervan in Kansas city, at least to the best of his knowledge, that sense of community is something he’s missing. “Something is missing when you’re remote because you do have to go out and find people that are excited to explore the city… you can’t really go knock on your neighbor’s door and ask if they want to go get pho at 11 PM…” Though Zane is remote this semester, he is determined to have a wonderful experience. He sometimes goes for runs, goes hiking with his friends, or spends time enjoying Kansas’s greenery. Fun fact: he loves playing with Legos too! This gives him a good feel of kinetic energy that a computer wouldn’t necessarily give him. Some movies he saw over the summer are The Hunger Games, New Girl, and, more recently, Cobra Kai. He enjoyed all three of them and highly recommends them!In this unique remote experience, Zane is being exposed to a side of the US that he has not experienced as much. Having lived mostly in California, this is an exciting experience in itself, and he’s enthusiastic about discovering more interesting things about Kansas City.While sending love from Kansas City, Zane shares a few words of advice to the broader Minerva community. He has found a lot of value connecting to people not just in Minerva but outside of it and thinks we all would too, as it would open us up to more perspectives and a much fuller college experience. In his own words, “Get to know strangers over something that isn’t implicitly shared. Try to find something that you can connect over and experience the anxiety and the scariness and the fun and diversion that is in finding something that you two can enjoy together.” “ …experience the anxiety and the scariness and the fun and diversion that is in finding something that you two can enjoy together.” If you would like to talk more about Kansas City with Zane or chat about his experience being there and being remote, feel free to reach him via email ([email protected]) or WhatsApp (+19512038137). For now, I hope you felt the love Kansas City is sending you!
 This piece is part of an ongoing series called With Love From. You can read the rest of the articles here. If you would like to send some love from your corner of the world this semester, please contact Precious ([email protected]), Helen ([email protected]), Lyon ([email protected]), Adaobi ([email protected]), or Arden ([email protected]). Amid a global pandemic, Arden Yin from the Class of 2023 experiences a little Minerva of her own, hoping to travel to a different location within China every month for the semester.  This month, her cultural immersion takes place in Xi Dao, a small island in southern China. Some things about Xi Dao she’s fallen in love with so far are the homey atmosphere of a not-too-modernized fishing village despite being a tourist destination (with its main attraction being floating bookstores — yes, check them out), and the incredible friendliness she experiences when talking to locals. One particular conversation with a restaurant owner has reminded her of the privilege of being able to get a college education at Minerva, as the owner mentioned her patriarchal upbringing, lack of education, and fear of venturing another part of China. “She also gave me a type of tea and very fresh fish that the locals usually save for themselves,” added Arden happily. “It was kind of like I had been climbing up this mountain for the past ten, twenty years of my life, and suddenly realizing that the mountain was fake; it was only in my imagination.” “Artist” is the first word Arden chooses to describe herself. “There is no distinction between life and art for me. Everything I do is a performance art piece.” She’s dabbled in many artistic mediums so far, including fine art, photography, sculpture, and, most recently, vlogging — and she’s always searching for more. If you’re getting the picture – that Arden is living her best life in her remote semester – you’re on the right page. Recently, she’s been experiencing life simply by indulging in herself, whether that’s with food, clothes, or makeup. She hasn’t always been like this. Not long ago, she’d been obsessed with “minimalism, Zen, Daoism, spirituality, and all that,” setting high expectations on herself and even making her own toothpaste, until just last summer, when she realized she wasn’t exactly treating herself nicely. “One day, when I was realizing this, I would just be walking down the street and start crying.”  “It was kind of like I had been climbing up this mountain for the past ten, twenty years of my life, and suddenly realizing that the mountain was fake; it was only in my imagination.” She’s now “lying at the bottom of the cliff,” which involves watching K-dramas, shopping online, and playing games. It’s been a well-deserved break. She knows now that she doesn’t have to restrict her life to a few, set expectations for herself. Rather, fulfilment – or mountains, as she likes to call it – can come in a hundred different shapes. “I really enjoy watching TV shows, but I hadn’t allowed myself to do that full-time.” In the years leading up to her “existential crisis,” Arden had defined TV shows as something that “didn’t align with who [she] should be.” But to her amazement, she’s recently found out that Rick and Morty, The Simpsons, and Normal People have captured the existentialist struggle quite well for her.  Arden’s Minerva Talk last year was about the third one the author has attended, and for me, it’s still one of the Talks I look up to the most. Yet to learn that so much of her minimalistic and spiritualistic philosophies have changed since then is not disheartening, but exhilarating. If Arden’s philosophies can change, so can mine. We’re continually learning and adapting, so it’s only natural that the way we treat ourselves should also change.  If you’d like to learn more about how Arden lives her life in Xi Dao, always in pursuit of wonder, check out her most recent vlog here. If you would like to discuss anything mentioned above with Arden, she’d be more than happy to. Or if you’re just looking to chat with a magical person, she’d be the person for that, too.  This piece is a Community Profile piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected].
 This piece is part of an ongoing series called With Love From. You can read the rest of the articles here. If you would like to send some love from your corner of the world this semester, please contact Precious ([email protected]), Helen ([email protected]), Lyon ([email protected]), Adaobi ([email protected]), or Arden ([email protected]). The First Leap to the Unknown! Shalom! A zoom-load of love from Israel, the only country in the world with more trees today than it had 50 years ago. Meet Nicole Levin, an Israeli from the class of 2024. Nicole is from Beer’ Sheba (pronounced Beer Sheva), a desert region in the south of Israel. In Nicole’s words, Beer’ Sheba is a historic city in Israel with a vibrant Middle Eastern touch, noteworthy for supporting people with varying nationalities ranging from Russian to Ethiopian.  Beer’ Sheba is also a trade center for the nomadic Bedouin tribes of the Negev. “The Bedouins always travel with camels because it is a desert region. As a child, I would run out to watch the camels carrying the Bedouins as they travel. As a nomadic tribe, they move around a lot, but now it is different, everything has changed, and the city has gotten bigger.”  The war has had a lasting impact on the Israeli community. Nicole noted that the Israelis are very laid back people, with greetings that involve lots of hugs and a culture of direct communication. She also recognized the influence of the American culture on the Israeli media, with very few media stations broadcasting in Hebrew.  Due to its diverse population, Beer’ Sheba is home to various intercontinental dishes that Nicole loves. Nicole loves to travel, and she reminisced on her first visit to the United States and how the cuisine was different.  “I visited New York, and I tried to get the hummus that I liked, the green pea hummus, but it did not taste the same. Then I concluded that the best hummus is back home”.  Enjoying homemade food has been one of Nicole’s favorite experiences this semester. Currently experiencing her first Minerva community virtually, she knows that the experience would not be the same without her classmates. She hopes to meet everyone in the spring. On the bright side, studying virtually has provided her with ample time to spend with her family.  Before Minerva, Nicole served in the army for over two years as a cultural reporter with the radio. In her role, she interacted with people on the war’s cultural influence and produced shows about it. Her role provided a communication platform to engage with the people and report the nation’s status during the unrest. “By serving in the Army, I felt like I was called to tell the story of the amazing deeds of others; I am the storyteller bringing their sacrifices to light.” This experience also inspired her to enroll in Minerva. In the army, Nicole was also challenged with the stigmatization faced by non-combat soldiers. “I encountered words like “a soldier does not equal a journalist; it felt as if I was not doing enough as a journalist.”  However, those experiences motivated her to use her media to bring cheerfulness to the people. Nicole is passionate about transformative education and is a huge fan of Ken Robinson, an educational advisor, who inspired her love for reforming education. “I saw his famous Ted talk when I was in 10th grade, and since then, I have been passionate about different approaches to education, and possible ways to change the education system in Israel.”  “With Minerva, I think I am experimenting with the different types of education on myself.” Although Nicole is still uncertain about the unconventional Minerva education, her love for non-traditional education has inspired her to take bold steps. Nicole loves to travel and explore the world. Her dream was to travel and study; before she got accepted into Minerva, she planned a one year trip around Asia to interact with the people. Though the pandemic halted her one-year exploration plan, Minerva has brought her an ample opportunity to travel the world with their offer letter.   As a remote student, she has connected virtually with her classmates and shared her unique virtual experience with the Minerva community. Communicating with her classmates has left her anticipating the spring semester when she hopes to meet everyone in person eventually.   In parting, Nicole said: “I wish people would see beyond themselves and take advantage of Minerva’s diverse community to interact with other people from different parts of the world, it is part of education, and it would help you know the world around you.” Nicole looks forward to the continued virtual interaction with her classmates and hopes that everyone develops open-mindedness in interacting with other people. This piece is a Community Profile piece. It was reviewed to ensure that it adheres to our content guidelines and category definitions. If you believe that it has violated a content guideline, please reach out by completing this form. If you have any other feedback, please get in touch by emailing [email protected]. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Figure 4: Table of averages. This table compares the average depth, as well as the average magnitude, of earthquakes occurring in the Pyrenees mountain ranges versus those in New Madrid. The results are based off of the same data as the scatterplot above.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Ep1”. Released: 2018.
 “finalmix”. Released: 2011.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “eomep2_mixdown”. Released: 2011.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Womens day podcast”.
 
 
 “Argentina” from Collecting Histories by Klara Eriksson. Released: 2019. Track 1. Genre: Podcast.
 
 
 
 “Coming and Going #1” from Coming and Going by Klara Eriksson. Released: 2019. Track 1. Genre: Podcast.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Running” by DJ Quads.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  PC: Emily Garlock
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Illustration by Natanin Rachpradit.
 
 
  Photo by Vy Tran (M’21)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Photo by Emma Stiefel
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  ZEISS Microscopy from Germany [CC BY 2.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0)]
  Graphic by author
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Photo by Beth J on Unsplash
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  description
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Coming & Going_ Episode 1 – End of a Semester”.
 “Coming & Going_ Episode 3 – Winding Down”.
 
 “Coming & Going_ Episode 4 – Whose home_ (ft. Anda)”.
 
 
 “Coming & Going_ Episode 5 – Names (ft. Kroner)”.
 “Coming and Going_ Episode 6 – Limbo Part 1”.
 “Coming & Going – Episode 7 – Home Alone” by Klara Eriksson. Released: 2020.
 “Coming & Going_ Episode 8 – A 355 Year-Old Friend”. Released: 2020.
 “Ikigai — Olaf (final edit)”. Released: 2018.
 “final ep5”. Released: 2011.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Image by flunkey0 from Pixabay (https://pixabay.com/photos/havana-car-night-sunrise-travel-2151324/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Shorthand for Minerva students who will graduate in that year. M’20 means a Minerva student who will graduate in 2020.
 {{ result.text }} Play again?
